Game Design and Texts: Alberto Tronchi

Editing: Alberto Tronchi Copyright (c) 2022
 Natascia Cortesi, Alberto Tronchi, Sean Newton, 

Tommaso De Benetti, Luca Vanin Broken Tales is a work of fiction. Names, characters, locations, 
Translations: Tommaso De Benetti, Yoann Stordeur and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination 

Graphic, Illustrations, and Map: or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or 
 Daniel Comerci locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Layout: Daniel Comerci The work, including all its parts, is protected by copyright 

Crowdfunding Manager: law. Unless expressly authorized, reproductions are forbidden 
 Tommaso De Benetti in any way or form, including photocopying, scanning, and 

Music: Jane Toikka electronic storage. Any violation will be prosecuted to the full 
extent of the copyright law.

History Consultant: Stefano Maioli

Guest Material for the Kickstarter: Petter Nallo, Web: theworldanvil.com
Tommaso De Benetti, Chris van der Linden and Chris Discord: bit.ly/discord-twa
“Mono” Mahon, Peter Chiykowski, Claudio Serena, Guido 
Campanini, Francesco Panitti. Facebook: facebook.com/theworldanvil

Playtest and Thanks: Tommaso De Benetti, Luca Twitter: twitter.com/theworldanvil
Vanin, Daniel Comerci, Giacomo Jack Gordesco, Federico 
Scattolin, Enrico Ronconi, Fabiana Gasperini, Alberto Printed in the month of July 2022 in Türkiye at KÜLTÜR SANAT
Lolli, Gianpaolo Benedetti, Attilio Bravi, Fabio Bianchetti, Printing House.
Matteo Mazzoli, Valerio Votadoro, Giorgio Catenacci, 
Rikch, Fabrizio Infusino, Jane Toikka, Stefano Maioli, Broken Tales Core Book HARDCOVER ENG ISBN: 979-12-80387-04-2
Elvis Lupo, Matteo Petrangeli, Gabriele Tacito, Alessandro Broken Tales Core Book PDF ENG ISBN: 979-12-80387-02-8
Prometeo Di Pastena, Marco D’Ascenzo, Fumble GDR, 
Tebra Hansing, Yoann Stordeur, Sean Newton, Annalisa 
Zaniboni, Nix, Eric Verspoor, Jerry Boucher, Ciro Lamberti.



“Fairy tales are 3  Th
6 e

more than true    F
In ai t

c of the Child Saviour

e –y  10 t r
r y

  o
R d a

u le 

n 12 u
  le ti

R s o
 

17 u F n

  l o
e r

teoltl  buesc daruasgeo th F s  
3 u  H

f
5 r o u

  t r n
h  t t

T e h e
r e r

 D  s
S

e t
t o
a r

cnasu r il y
s t

 el
n ler

exist, but be se 4 h
1 e
   

D S
a to

r e  Gam
 R e Rules

  k y

they te T  P te o
r l

e l
s r

e ’
n s

c
  S unte e ole

69
8 h

9 e H r s
’s Creatio

nlls u csa 
drago n be 9 c

1  en
S a

1 c r
0 e i

3 n o
  a s n

rio Creation
beaten.” 1 B

13 r
  oken Europe

G. K. Chesterton 1 S
1 p
4 o

  i
1 T le
1 h r
7 e

   Fairytale Of The Child Savior
1 S
1 c
8 e

  n  Reprise
1 R a
18 e r

  d io
- s

hoo
1 I
3 s

0 k d
  r

1 O a
4 f

4  F
  lesh and Wood

1 T
5 h

6  e Smile in the Darkness
1 A
6  

8 S
  o

1 W ld
82 o ie

  n r
d ’s

e  
r D

b u
e t

d y
lam

1 T
9 u

6 v
  s

2 O t
0 n ar

2 e r
   T ’s Reflection

2 T housand and One Nightmares
16 h

  e 
2 S C
2 a it
2 i y

n  o
  t

2 O  f
G  P

4 Z e
3 e o ig

  n r s
a g
 t e
h  t
e h
 S e Dragon Slayer

2 P
61 l

  ay
2 H i

6 u n
2 n g uffering and Desperate

  t  
e a Broken Tales Campaign

2 B r
63 o ’

o s Sheet
  k

2 S m
6 c

5 e a
  n r

a k
rio Summary Sheet

2 M
66 a

  p
Backers

TABLE OF CONTENTS



Tthhee C Fhialdi Srayvtioaulre of 
Once upon a time... the world of fairytales was on the verge of ending, forsaken by 
children who grew up too fast and forgot the value of old stories. Within the void left by 
failing stories, darkness and oblivion blossomed. All the inhabitants of fairytales wept with 
fear at the long-dreaded end.

“All it would take is one last reader. One single young heart willing to believe in us still,” 
sighed the weary Fairytale King. 

3



But there was a Child who still believed in fairytales. Alone and abandoned by everyone, the 
Child found shelter in those old stories. Within was protection from the world outside, too real 
and too cruel. Lost among myths and tales, he forgot the pain of a family unable to give him the 
childhood he deserved. “I love all fairytales full of heroes and villains to defeat,” said the Child. 
“Why doesn’t anyone write new fairytales? If only I knew how, I would do it,” the little dreamer 
kept repeating. 

The Fairytale King noticed the little dreamer, for if even a single reader 
was ready to believe in fairytales, the whole world would continue to do so. 
Thus the Child became the Saviour. From his dreams, fairytales drew new life. 
As a reward, the Fairytale King granted the Child Saviour a wish.

4



“Thanks to you we are remembered. I 
trust you will find in your heart the 
proper reward to ask for.” whispering in the Child Saviour’s 

mind a malicious intention. The 
For a long time, the Child Child Saviour truly believed 
searched his heart for the most that it was a good idea. 
beautiful wish he could think Innocent, he said, “I would give 
of. However, hidden in his new life to the rogues, a chance at 
heart’s innermost corner, redemption for every character 
he found his own shadow. who has been relegated to the 
The One Who Plots in role of villain for centuries.” 
the Shadows emerged 
from the future, 
driven by rejection, 

But every light needs its shadow.

So it was that the villains became good, the heroes became evil.
And all fairytales shattered.

5



Introduction
 B that you will find them in these games as well, adapted to 

roken Tales tells dark stories, reinterpreting the narrative and gameplay features of each setting. 
fairytales from an upside-down perspective. Players will From now on we will refer to Monad Echo as “the Broken 
become part of the Order, a secret group operating on Tales system” or more simply “the system”. 
behalf of the Papacy to investigate supernatural events 
beyond human comprehension. Moving through an 18th 
century Europe imbued with mysticism and horror, the 
main characters of Broken Tales are nothing less than the GlToesrsmarinyo olfo Ggiaems e 
former antagonists of fairytales, thrown into a new world 
resulting from the wish of the Child Savior.

The Game System Additional Successes: Further Successes to be added 
to the Base Successes, obtained by spending Soma, rolling 
dice or due to the effect of Gifts. 

Broken Tales uses a role-playing rule system called Monad 
Echo. The system aims to be fast, encourage storytelling, Agenda: Description of an NPC’s purpose and goals.
and avoid pauses while playing. All this, while allowing Base Successes: The number of successes a Hunter 
Players a great degree of freedom. starts with when facing a Position or Defense check.
This rulebook is based on the Monad System, a universal 
role-playing system created by The World Anvil collective. Defense Check: The game mechanic by which a Hunter 
Monad Echo is not a lite version of the Monad System, but reacts to the actions of an NPC or a Threat, managed by the 
rather a totally new system that shares terminology and Storyteller.
action resolution mechanics with the original system while Dark Presence: NPC related to the world of fairytales 
focusing on a more narrative and cinematic style. and reborn in their “broken” version in the world of Broken 
Already two other games featuring Monad Echo have Tales. 
been published in Italian: Evolution Pulse Rebirth and 
Valraven: The Chronicles of Blood and Iron. If you like the 
mechanics and dynamics showcased in this manual, know 

6



Descriptor: A short sentence de- NPC: Acronym for Non-Player Char- Session: A single evening/afternoon 
scribing a salient characteristic of a acter. All non-protagonist characters, of play.
Hunter, NPC, or aspect of the world fantastic creatures, Dark Presences, 
of Broken Tales. and in general any character managed Soma: A value that quantifies the in-

Exchange: by the Storyteller. NPCs are divided ner strength and ability to tap into the 
 A short time unit defin- into three types: Main, Minor, and inner energies of a Hunter. Spending 

ing the order of actions for each par- Dark Presences. Soma can grant automatic positive 
ticipant in a conflict situation. 

Experience Points: Opposition Level: Outcomes during Checks or activate 
 Shortened as OL, some Gifts.

 Abbreviated as it’s the difficulty value associated with 
XP, it’s the numerical value that indi- an NPC or Threat. Threat: A generic term for an ob-
cates the experience gained by a Hunt-
er during their adventures. Outcome: stacle or complex situation that has 

 Indicates a good result in a its own Descriptor and an OL, which 

Failure: Position or Defense check and can be could oppose a Hunter.
 Indicates that a Hunter’s of three types: with Cost, Standard, or 

action has failed because of an unsuc- with Increment. Wounds: Represents the ability of a 
cessful Position or Defense Check.

Gift: Player: creature (Hunter or NPC) to resist any 
 Any participant in a Session source of adversity, whether physical 

 A special ability of a Hunter, of Broken Tales. One Player must take or mental.
NPC, or Threat that activates particu- the role of Storyteller, often the one 
lar effects in the game. who has read this book in full. All the 
Hunter: A classic fairytale villain re- other participants will play a Hunter.
born as an agent of the Order. Position Check: The game mechan-
Interlude: A specific moment ic by which a Hunter tries to succeed 
during a Session when Hunters catch at actions they’ve described in the 
their breath, spend XP, and recover narrative.
Soma and Wounds. Penalty: Value to be subtracted from 
Keywords: Single-themed words Base Successes, derived from NPC 
that help Players to focus on narrative Gifts.
details in a direct way, stimulating the Scene: The time unit during which a 
imagination and helping everyone in- Session is played.
volved create interesting details on the 
fly. Scenario: A complete Broken Tales 

story that reinterprets and “breaks” a 
classic fairytale.

7



A them with tools and procedures to manage 
the conversation from an alternative point 

Pblaoyuitn Rg oGlaem- es of view.

To recap
A role-playing game is a recreational The Storyteller introduces the Hunters 
activity where all participants are involved to scenes and situations from the chosen 
in a conversation aimed at creating a Scenario. Players narrate the exploits 
story. In our case, the main characters of their Hunters and how they react to 
are the Hunters and the world in which situations. When the conversation reaches 
they move is the Broken Europe of Broken a point where the outcome is uncertain, 
Tales. Imagine you are helping to write a it’s time for a Position or Defense Check to 
screenplay or novel, in which the plot is determine the Outcome or Failure of the 
created in real time by the players at the Hunters’ actions. The conversation then 
table, each making contributions. resumes its flow until the next Check. 

This pattern will help create a story in 
There are two well-defined roles during a which each Player at the table features 
game: as a protagonist. The goals are chosen by 
Player – the one who moves and makes a the Hunters and the themes are expressed 
single Hunter act, equipped with a Sheet. in the Scenarios by the Storyteller. When 
A Player is one of the main characters combined, Players and Storytellers create 
of the Scenario and the narrated events a unique narrative in the Broken Tales 
revolve around them. The narrative style.
authority of a Player is focused on their 
Hunter. They will have to decide how to Playing materials
act and react to everything the Storyteller 
will introduce during a Session. To play, you will need what we listed 
Storyteller – this is the role that most below. Some material will need to be 
closely resembles a film director. The printed or procured. Hobby and board 
Storyteller brings the Broken Tales game stores might be helpful. Get:
Scenarios to life, describing locations and ◆	 Some common 6-sided dice. Each 
people, as well as reacting to the Hunters’ Player can have their own set for 
decisions. The Storyteller has a different convenience. The Storyteller never 
set of duties than the other Players but rolls dice and doesn’t need a backup. 
isn’t solely responsible for how a Session ◆	 One Hunter’s Sheet for each Play-
unfolds. Simply put, the rules provide er, excluding the Storyteller. Plus, a 

8



printout of a Bookmark for each Hunter.
◆	 Pencils and erasers to write on the Bookmarks and Game Modes

keep track of the Hunters’ progress throughout the 
game. Broken Tales is a modular game, and can adapt to the needs 

◆	 Markers of any kind, such as small colored stones or of your playgroup. The fastest way to experience the game 
tokens, are useful to quickly keep track of each Hunter’s (useful also for demos and one-shots) is to select one of 
Tokens and Soma Points, even if not essential. the ready-made Scenarios and pre-generated Hunters and 

start playing right away. Each Scenario is designed to be 

Reality and fiction played dynamically. Events will move along in response 
to the Hunters’ actions, making each Session unique. You 
won’t find a classic pre-written storyline. The Storyteller 
can have fun, moving Events and NPCs alo

Th ng
e , 
 re

s a
e c
tt t

i i
n n

g g
  

of Broken Tales presents an alternative to the Hunters’ actions, and creating an em
E e

i r
g g

h e
t n
e t
e  
n p

t l
h o

 t
c . 
entury strongly inspired by historical Europe. Alternatively, each Scenario offers a Scene Tre

G e
r  
a s
ft tr

e u
d c

 tu
o r

n e
t ,
o  

 this backdrop are several very different allowing the discovery of the Scenario’s plo
r t
e  
a th
li r

ti o
e u
s g
 a h

n  
d a 

 fantasies, such as imaginary kingdoms and series of linked Scenes, in a more classic, linea
s r
u  

p fa
e s
r h
n i

a o
t n
u .

r  
a If
l  
 creatures, that strongly differentiate Broken you or other players are new to the game, you

T  m
ale ig

s h
 f t

r  
o w

m an
 a t

  
specific historical context. This game presents to try that first.

not just another time, but an original world, pervaded 
by darkness, where you can play your Broken Tales. Of course, it’s also possible to play longer 
St C

o a
r m
yt p

el a
le ig

r n
s s

a  
nd Hunters will be free to sketch details of through a series of linked Scenarios. Freely m

lo ov
ca in

ti g
o  

n a
s lo
. n

A g
s  
 a general reference, it may be useful to know the map, Hunters will interact with an int

t e
h r

a c
t o
 n
th n

e e
 c
y t
e e
a d
r  
 1780 is the starting point of the Core Book world, deciding at each turning point what to d

S o
c  a
e n
n d

ar  w
io h

s’ i
 c
h h

y  
pothetical timeline. locations to explore.

In The Broken Ones expansion, sold separately, you’ll also 
find the rules for playing as ordinary humans and a variant 
for solo play.

9



R ◆	 The Soma value repres

Huunletesr F
ents the Hunter’s inner strength 

and ability to tap into the true essence of a Broken Tale. 

sor Spending Soma increases the chances of a positive 
Outcome in any Position and Defense Check, or allows 
the activation of certain Gifts. 

The rules for playing a Hunter are presented entirely on the 
following pages. These same rules can also be found on the When the Storyteller asks for a Position or 
Player’s Sheet. If you plan to be the Storyteller instead, read Defense Check…
the dedicated section in this chapter and all the in-depth Check if one of the Hunter’s Descriptors can help them in 
rules in the following chapters. the action being performed. If so, the Hunter starts with 3 

Base Successes. If no Descriptor is relevant, only 1 Base 
What’s on the Hunter’s Sheet: Success is obtained. It’s possible to obtain Additional 

◆	 Under the Hunter’s name, a brief history explaining Successes (for example, as a result of a Gift) or Penalties 
who they are and why they joined the Order. (to be subtracted from the total), to modify the number of 

◆	 Descriptors indicate what the Hunter does best and Base Successes. Once this is done, the number of Successes 
what their flaws are. Incorporating a Descriptor into is compared with the NPC’s or Threat’s Opposition Level 
the narration of a Hunter’s actions allows a Position declared by the Storyteller. There are 3 Opposition Levels: 
or Defense Check to start from 3 Base Successes. EASY 3, MEDIUM 5, and HARD 7. 
Getting in trouble during the narrative, thanks to the 
Descriptor’s Downside, allows you to check them off For an action to have a positive Outcome, you must obtain 
and gain XP. a total number of Successes (given by the sum of Base 

◆	 Gifts are powerful special abilities that only Hunters Successes and Additional Successes) that is at least equal to 
of the Order possess. They can be used whenever the the Opposition Level you are facing. 
opportunity arises, following the rules and limitations 
of the Gift itself. To Get the Additional Successes you need to...

◆	 The Dark Ego represents their essence and bond ◆	 Spend Soma from the Hunter’s reserve to obtain 1 
to the fairytale world, what the Hunter was before Additional Success for each point.
their Breaking Point. You can activate the Dark Ego ◆	 Decide to roll one or more 6-sided dice. You gain 1 
whenever the Activator’s condition is triggered, or Additional Success for each die rolled. However, if even 
when the Hunter suffers or decides to inflict 1 Wound a single die rolls a 1, the entire Check fails. All other 
on themselves. The effect of the Dark Ego persists results (2-6) count as Additional Successes.
throughout the course of the Scene.

◆	 The equipment indicates what gear the Hunter 
possesses and can use in order to perform their mission 
on behalf of the Order.

10



How many dice can be rolled?
Rolling dice is a gamble. You can roll as many dice as you 
wish to reach the Outcome you desire. However, each 
additional die rolled increases the chances of rolling a 1, 
even one of which results in a Failure. Even when aiming 
for the best Outcome (Outcome with an Increment) the 
total number of Successes needed will never exceed the A Wound is inflicted…
Opposition Level + 2. As an effect of a failed Defense Check or as a Cost for an 

action. Each Wound must be described and annotated on 
the Bookmark. The Wound narratively affects what the 

Count total Successes... Hunter can do and the Opposition Level of what they face. 
Whenever you suffer 1 Wound, you can activate your Dark 

If it’s a draw with the Opposition Level you’ll get an Ego power for the duration of the Scene. A Player may 
Outcome with a Cost. The Hunter gets what they want decide to voluntarily inflict a Wound on the Hunter to 
but at a cost chosen by the Storyteller. If it makes sense, instantly activate their Dark Ego.
the Hunter can also inflict 1 Wound. In a Defense Check When they suffer a third Wound, the Hunter is out of the 
the incoming problem is avoided, but with a complication game or dead. The Storyteller will reveal their fate according 
decided by the Storyteller. to the situation.

By scoring 1 point above the Opposition Level you’ll get 
a Standard Outcome. The Hunter gets what they want. Once upon a time…
In a Defense Check, the problem is handled without any If during the Scenario the Hunter gets into trouble and 
complications. If it makes sense, the Hunter can also inflict highlights the Downside of one of their Descriptors, the 
1 Wound. corresponding box must be marked. During an Interlude, 

each box marked is converted into 1 XP.
By scoring 2 points above the Opposition Level you’ll 
get an Outcome with an Increment. The Hunter succeeds Declaring an Interlude...
better than expected and gains an Increment in addition to If Hunters need to catch their breath, a Player can ask 
what they wanted. The Storyteller decides on the additional the Storyteller for an Interlude between Scene changes. 
effect or, alternatively, the special Increment of one of the During the Interlude, it is possible to recover 1 Wound 
Hunter’s Gifts can be activated. In the case of a Defense or, alternatively, recover 2 Soma. Each Hunter can ask a 
Check, the problem is avoided perfectly and an Increment question of another Hunter to learn more about their past.
is also obtained. If it makes sense, the Hunter can also 
inflict 1 Wound.

11



During an Interlude XP may be spent to obtain additional 
effects:

◆	 Recover 2 Soma for each XP spent. R
◆	 Recover 1 Wound for each XP spent.
◆	 Evolve a Descriptor into a Specialization. For the rest of Stuolreyst feollre trhe 

the Scenario, this will grant 1 Additional Success in each Broken Tales is designed to be a modular, easy-to-play role-
Scene in which it is used for the first time (1 XP). playing game. For Storytellers who already have experience 

◆	 Obtain a Scenario Gift for the duration of the Scenario with role-playing games, all the basic rules are presented 
(1 XP). in this section. In the section Further Details on Game 

Rules (page 17) you will find all the rules explained with 

Each Interlude, however, represents a use of time. Remember examples, to clear up doubts about the system and on how to 

that the Scenario, and the NPCs, may continue to act even handle a game of Broken Tales.
when the Hunters aren’t paying attention.

Choose how to play the Scenario
Unlike other RPGs, Broken Tales doesn’t have Scenarios 
with a pre-written plot, but instead cultivates an “emergent” 
narrative. What happens in the Scene will always be the 
outcome of the Hunters’ actions and this, combined with 
the Storyteller’s choices regarding the NPCs, will generate 
situations with unpredictable outcomes. 
An emergent narrative means approaching the game with the 
intention of being surprised by it, reacting on the fly while 
being guided by the rules of the game and the Scenario’s 
information.

As mentioned earlier, a more classical approach is also 
possible. Each Scenario comes with a Scene Tree that will 
allow you to explore one of the possible plots in a more linear 
fashion. A Scene Tree may include forks and variations, but it 
will always give the Storyteller clear directions on what clues 
to bring into play and how to move the plot forward. 
There is no right or wrong way to play Broken Tales. Each 
group can decide how to approach it based on their own 
taste and desire to improvise or, rather, live out a more 
guided story.

12



The Storyteller’s Job when deciding how to handle the events of the Scenario. It 
describes what that specific NPC wants regardless of the 
Hunters’ actions. Consulting NPC Agendas can lead to 

The Storyteller’s job is to manage the game, the Scenario, spontaneous situations without having to plan Scenes in 
and all the NPCs that the Hunters will encounter. Each advance.
Broken Tales Scenario provides all the information needed 
to move a plot forward while adapting continuously to 
the Hunters’ decisions and the Storyteller’s personal taste Scenario’s Events
in puppeteering the many side NPCs. After the Starting 
Situation, this outline should be followed to run the Session: Events are brief descriptions of something that will happen 

1.  if certain conditions are met. They’re sudden twists in the 
The Storyteller asks the Hunters where they want to Scenario, shaking things up for the Hunters. When the 
go and what they want to do.

2.  conditions described in the Event occur, the Storyteller 
The NPCs’ Agendas and Scenario Events should be should include it in the Scenario as soon as possible.
consulted frequently. If something has changed and it 
makes sense in the narrative, the Storyteller will have 
“off-stage” NPCs acting or entering the Scene. Scenes and Interludes

3.  Each new Scene must be contextualized by the Story-
teller with a Place, a Time, an Initial Situation, and Each Scenario is developed through Scenes, which are 
any further Information. roughly comparable to scenes in a movie. It is usually clear 

4.  After a brief introduction of the Scene, it’s the Hunt- when one ends and a new one begins. Each Scene must have 
ers’ turn to decide what to do. a Place, a Time, an Initial Situation, and possibly some 

5.  During the Scene, if the outcome of an action is un- Information the Storyteller can use as a starting point. It’s 
certain or collides with an NPC/Threat, the Storytell- the Storyteller’s job to manage Scenes and decide when to 
er should ask for Position and Defense Checks. Once move on to the next one.    
the Check is resolved, it’s again the Hunters’ turn to Interludes are special Scenes that Hunters can ask for 
describe what they do. between the action to catch their breath. Interludes are calm, 

6.  When the Hunters’ stated goal in the Scene is restful (such as dinner at the inn), and always take time. In 
achieved or can no longer be achieved, the Scene addition to recovering Soma and Wounds, as indicated on 
starts over from step 1. the Player’s Sheet, an Interlude has two additional effects 

on the Scenario:

NPCs’ Agendas ◆	 Hunters can ask another Hunter a question about their 
past. This is a good way to reveal something and dig 
deeper into each background story. Players are free to 

To manage the game flow, each Scenario presents a series of invent whatever they want to characterize their Hunter 
Agendas, goals that the Scenario’s NPCs try to accomplish. but their answer should remain relevant to the question 
An Agenda can progress in two ways: when it makes sense they have been asked.
for it to happen in the narrative or during an Interlude ◆	 Time doesn’t stop during an Interlude, and the 
(because time continues to pass while the Hunters rest). The Storyteller must consider how to advance the Scenario’s 
Agenda is the most important reference for the Storyteller Agendas. They must point out to the Hunters that the 

13



Scenario goes on without them. Asking for too many Checks when a Hunter acts. The Storyteller also asks for a 
Interludes can lead to things getting out of control! Defense Check when Scenario NPCs and Threats attempt 

to oppose the Hunters. Not every Hunter will find the same 

Handling the Position Checks situation challenging, so the Storyteller may only ask some 
Hunters to perform a specific Check, remembering to keep 
in mind the Descriptors of each Hunter, NPC, or Threat 
involved. 
If the Scene evolves into a conflict, you must keep tabs on 
who has acted and who hasn’t, until all participants in the 

When a Hunter performs any kind of action, the Storyteller Session have had a chance to do something. This rotation 
needs to decide if they want to ask for a Check. In making system is called Exchange.
this decision, it’s vital to keep all relevant Descriptors in 
mind. Depending on the outcome of the Position and Defense 

Checks, a Cost or Increment may be generated. The 
◆	 If the Hunter acts to obtain something but might fail Storyteller will decide its nature.

due to an NPC or a Threat
◆	 A Cost is some kind of narrative disadvantage, such 

Then, it’s time for a Position Check. This applies to any as employing more time to perform the action or 
action in which the Hunter is the active party. Ideally, the consuming a useful resource to do it. Possible Costs are: 
Hunter would narrate a detailed, dynamic action such as, You retrace your steps or move away from a potential goal 
“I run up the wall and leap off, cutting with my sword at you intended to achieve, or you hesitate, avoid danger, 
the giant’s head.” Not every action requires a Check, just but can’t get past what you’re trying to overcome / You 
those that face opposition that could prevent the Hunter get wounded or waste a lot of energy, suffering 1 Wound 
from succeeding. / You lose, break, or drop something, or waste more 

resources than expected / Your opponent can easily move 
◆	 If the Storyteller’s narration includes circumstances away from you and you can’t do anything to prevent it / 

that may injure or inconvenience the Hunter You’re forced to make promises to successfully conclude 
the negotiation / You reveal something important about 

Call a Defense Check instead. This applies to any reaction yourself or an ally / You lose much more time than 
in which the Hunter is a passive party. For example: expected / You let your guard down or are caught off 
“You’re jumping from roof to roof, but the rain made the guard, and receive 1 Penalty on your next Check / What 
tiles slippery, do a Defense Check against OL Medium 5.” All you obtain is not whole or is missing parts.
Defense Checks represent a Hunter’s reactions, attempts to 
avoid a potential problem. A Defense Check is used when 
the Storyteller is the one taking the floor, presenting a 
Threat or an NPC as an obstacle the Hunter must overcome.
The Storyteller never rolls dice. Instead, they ask for Position 

14



Alternatively, or if no ideas spring to mind, you may assign 
1 Penalty to the Hunter’s next action, or inflict 1 Wound. The Opposition Level of Opponents 

◆	 An Increment is some kind of narrative advantage, and Threats
such as spending less time performing the action or Any element of the Scenario can be an NPC or a Threat (a 
getting into a better position during an attack. Possible natural element, a magical effect, or anything other than an 
Increments are: You can maneuver around your target, NPC). Both are always characterized by a Descriptor and 
stay engaged with it, and move in a direction of your an Opposition Level and, in some cases, by one or more 
choosing, or you can easily move away from a Threat Gifts. NPCs are also divided by Category, which indicates 
without impediments / You can catch something on the their importance in the game.
fly / If an enemy is moving, you can force them to stop 
by blocking their path / You can provide 1 Additional ◆	 The Descriptor: is a short narrative quote describing 
Success to your next action or that of your ally, to the NPC or Threat. It is used to handle the narrative 
be spent in the immediate future / You get the best of and to modify the Opposition Level by +1 if the Hunter 
the negotiation, impress or fascinate someone, or are is taken by surprise or has no means to oppose what 
otherwise memorable / You can learn a secret, details of the Descriptor says. If the Hunter uses it to their 
a scandal, or a technique from a subject or situation / advantage, it will lower the Opposition Level by 1.
You succeed better than expected, it takes you less time, ◆	 The Opposition Level (OL): is the numerical value 
or you get more beneficial results / You succeed and you to be achieved or surpassed in a Position or Defense 
can also help someone who is facing the same problem as Check.
you, benefitting their narrative position.

EASY 3 / MEDIUM 5 / HARD 7 
As an alternative, if no ideas spring to mind, you may 
assign 1 Additional Success to your next action or that of ◆	 Gifts: are special effects and powers. Each Scenario will 
an allied Hunter. feature those specific to relevant NPCs and Threats.

◆	 The Category: indicates the importance of an NPC in 
the narration and a sensible range of Wounds they can 
suffer.

Minor NPC: from 1 to 3 Wounds (generally 1).

Main NPC: from 1 to 6 Wounds (generally 3).

Dark Presence: from 1 to 6 Wounds (generally 3).

15



Managing Information
Broken Tales Scenarios will often be investigations 
that Hunters perform on behalf of the Order. With 
this in mind, it does not make sense to ask for 
Position Checks to find clues that, if undiscovered, 
would stall the situation. In general, when a Hunter 
is looking for information, ask yourself:

◆	 Does one of the Hunter’s Descriptors justify 
the knowledge of the information? If so, the 
Hunter will get it.

◆	 Does it take time to get the information? 
The Storyteller communicates this drawback 
to the Hunter, who will decide what to do.

◆	 Is getting the information dangerous for the 
Hunter? The Storyteller introduces an NPC/
Threat into the Scene.

◆	 Does the Hunter need external help to get 
the information? The Storyteller will reveal 
who can provide it. This can often lead to a 
new Scene.

This is all you need to get started with the game. 
In the Further Details on Game Rules chapter on 
page 17, you will find several examples for each 
mechanic presented in these pages and the rules 
for creating NPCs and Threats.

16



GFuamrthe eRru Dleestails on 
In this section, we’ll explore further the rules we’ve already briefly discussed in 
the sections devoted to Hunters and Storytellers. If you’re not familiar with role-
playing games, it can be a good idea to read everything at least once. You will better 
be able to understand the application of rules, after seeing some practical examples 
explained. For those who already have experience with other games based on Monad 

Echo, this section is a useful reference when in doubt.
 

The Conversation
A game of Broken Tales is structured as a conversation between all 

Players, in which the Storyteller presents fictional situations and 
the other Players react with their Hunter’s choices. When the 
consequences of a Hunter’s choice are uncertain, the Storyteller 
asks for a Position Check to determine the outcome. At this point, 
the Hunter’s action either succeeds or fails, and the conversation 
resumes. The Storyteller narrates the action’s result, together with 
the Hunter’s Player. Play continues until the next Check and so on 

throughout the Session.

The Storyteller never perform
be s

h  C
a h

l e
f c

o k
f s

N  o
P n

C  
s th

 a e
n  

d Threats.

17



When a setting/environmental element acts directly be confronted with the Opposition Level declared 
against one or more Hunters, the Storyteller may request by the Storyteller; this time, however, the Player will, 
a special Position Check called a Defense Check. As with the help of the Storyteller, narrate the outcome. 
with a normal Position Check, the Hunter will always Once the Check is resolved, the narration resumes as usual.

Who What are the 
Check Type When is it done? What are the Check 

criteria? narrates the mechanical 
outcome? consequences?

The action continues 
The Hunter is actively trying The Storyteller requests the The Storytel- with one of three possible 

Position to position themselves in a Check, based on the Hunter’s ler describes positive Outcomes or a 
Check certain way within the story, narrative and what they’re the outcome. Failure. The Hunter expe-

and the outcome is uncertain. trying to achieve. riences the consequences 
of the action.

The Hunter is the target of The Storyteller requests the 

Defense an action by someone or Check based on the actions The Hunter The Hunter suffers any 
narrates the effects and play continues. 

Check something (NPC or Threat) or triggers of NPCs or outcome. The Hunter cannot achie-
attempting to obstruct them. Threats. ve anything that is not 

related to avoiding danger.

Making Decisions While Narrating How dangerous is an action and when is a Position and 
Defense Check required?
Making this decision is up to the Storyteller. A Hunter may 

The game flow is simple and fast. It is interrupted only for try to steer the narrative towards one of their Descriptors 
Position and Defense Checks. With this in mind, it is very to improve their chances of obtaining 3 Base Successes. 
important to have a clear idea of who can determine what, However, it will always be the Storyteller who decides 
and the duties of the Hunters and the Storyteller in telling whether or not to call for a Check. Only the Storyteller 
the story. knows the Descriptors and other details of NPCs and 

Threats, and they’re the only one at the table who always 
How and when does a Hunter act? How much can they knows everything that is happening.
risk in terms of resources and consequences in the 
narrative?
This is the domain of the Players. The Storyteller cannot 
impose actions or make decisions for a Hunter.

18



Which Scenario developments affect the way Hunters Narrating in detail what the Hunter does is essential for the 
behave? What will trigger XP accumulation thanks to a Storyteller who:
Descriptor’s Downside? 
Players have authority in these situations. Each of them ◆	 Starts with the story when determining what kind of 
has Descriptors on their Sheet and can decide when to Check is needed (if any).
create a problem for themselves, putting the Downside in ◆	 Will evaluate if one of the Hunter’s Descriptors is 
the spotlight. Doing so will allow them to check off the relevant to the action.
Descriptor, which will later translate into XP. ◆	 Will decide the possible consequences of a positive 

Outcome or how the narrative will proceed in the 

The Basic Mechanics event of a Failure.
◆	 Will determine whether to change an NPC’s Opposition 

The main mechanics of Broken Tales revolve around Level or Threat by +1 or -1, answering the question: 
Position and Defense Checks. But what are they exactly? “Has the NPC/Threat Descriptor been taken advantage 
The Position Check represents an action taken by the of, or countered?”
Hunter, along with the purpose they are trying to achieve, ◆	 Will determine if a Player can roll a Position Check to 
in order to metaphorically gain a beneficial “position” see if their action succeeded, or if a Defense Check is 
within the storytelling. Anything a Hunter declares they needed first.
will do that does not have an obvious outcome may require 
a Position Check. Defense Checks are a special type of The Hunter always has the right to review an action before 
Position Checks. If the Storyteller declares that a Hunter deciding whether to roll the dice or invest Soma. The 
faces a challenge, it will be up to the Player to describe Storyteller has the duty to clearly explain the consequences 
what they will do to avoid it. Their success or failure in a of what is about to happen, without stating the unknown 
Defense Check determines their new place, or position, in Descriptors of the opponents or adversities. What a Hunter 
the narrative. knows and what they don’t know can vary in relation to 

their Descriptors. Some may have the skills to sense threats 

Position Check that others would normally underestimate.

In fact, the Hunter’s intentions will often collide with 
unexpected situations. When changing circumstances 

The Storyteller asks for a Position Check when a Player’s might affect a Hunter’s action, a Defense Check may be 
narration causes their Hunter to interact with an NPC, needed to see how they are affected. If successful, they may 
another Hunter, or a Threat, and the outcome of that be able to then roll the Position Check for their action. 
interaction is uncertain. Again, it is up to the Storyteller to make the situation clear 

and ask the Hunter what they intend to do in light of how 
When in doubt, follow the storytelling because the same events are unfolding.
action can lead to different Checks and outcomes based on 
the context. 

19



Example: Descriptors of a Threat (but can discover them using 
Garou the Old Wolf is exploring the area around the town special Gifts, Descriptors taken advantage of, or as the 
of Durfort. Meanwhile, his companions are having a result of previous actions).
conversation with the noble Dubois, hoping to get a grasp 
of what is happening in the Red Hood Iskra Scenario. For a Check to have a positive Outcome, a Hunter has 
The Storyteller warns Garou of the presence of a rapidly to accrue a total of Successes equal to or greater than the 
approaching pack of wolves. No Check is required because Opposition Level declared by the Storyteller.
it is a piece of information Garou knows (as explained on 
page 16) and in addition, Garou has the Gift Find Them 
Forever After, which allows Garou to perceive noises and The Hunter:
smells before anyone else. Safely among the foliage, Garou ◆	 Checks if one of their Descriptors is relevant to the 
prepares an ambush for the new arrivals, determined to make declared action and confirms it with the Storyteller. 
immediately clear that this is now his territory. The wolves If so, they start with 3 Base Successes, otherwise with 
arrive a few meters from the hiding place and Garou decides only 1.  
to attack, jumping on them. However, the Storyteller points ◆	 Adds up any Additional Successes and subtracts any 
out that wolves have a very acute sense of smell (as reported Penalties. Each Penalty removes 1 Success.
by their Descriptor) and therefore the surprise effect could ◆	 Decides what kind of Outcome to aim for, depending 
fade before Garou manages to bite one. At this point, the on the compromises they are willing to make and the 
Storyteller requires a Defense Check to see if the Hunter will expected results of the action. Matching the Opposition 
really be able to perform the surprise attack. Garou agrees to Level with Successes leads to an Outcome with a 
take the risk and does the Check. If not, Garou would have Cost, exceeding it by 1 is a Standard Outcome, and 
remained in hiding waiting for a better opportunity. exceeding it by 2 is an Outcome with an Increment 

(see following pages). It is never possible to aim for a 
higher result than an Outcome with an Increment.

Once the situation is clear and defined, we move on to the ◆	 May decide to spend Soma from their supply to get 1 
resolution sequence. Additional Success per point spent. 

The Storyteller: ◆	 Can roll as many dice as they want, all at once, getting 
1 Additional Success for each result between 2 and 6.

◆	 Identifies whether to determine the positive 
Outcome or Failure of an action during the game.

◆	 Declares the basic Opposition Level of the Threat/
NPC. 

◆	 Determines whether to raise or lower the Opposition 
Level by 1, according to the current narrative and 
Hunter’s behavior (knowing or not) in relation to 
what is happening. A Hunter often does not know the 

20



How to read the dice
If 1 is rolled: Failure.
Any result between 2-6 Autom

: Success. atic positive O
It m u

a t
y c

 h o
ap m

pen e
 that the sum of Basic Su

S c
u c

c e
c s
e s
s e
s s
e  
s +
  A

r d
ea d

c it
h i

e o
s n
 al

o  

 r exceeds the Opposition Leve
A single 1 (Failure) causes the entire Check determined by the l

S  
toryteller. In t

i h
s is

a  
lr c

e a
a s
d e,

y  
 t
s h
u e

c  
c a
e c
s t
s i
f o
u n

l.  
 Which Outcom

d e
e  
t i
e s
r  
m re

to fail. i a
n c

e h
d e

 d
a  
s w
 e i

x ll
p  

l b
a e
in  

ed in the third
p  p

ar o
a in
gr t 

a o
p f

h  Th
.  e Hunter 

Check example: an Increment (2 Successes over the Opposition Level). Garou 
Continuing with the example on page 20, Garou is facing doesn’t mind a Standard Outcome: he now has to choose how 
a pack of four wolves. Through a Defense Check, Garou to get the 2 missing Additional Successes to achieve it.
has approached the enemies from behind, taking them by 
surprise. As the last step, Garou decides to exchange 1 Soma for a 

Success, and then roll 1 single die. The die comes up a 3: 
Garou’s Descriptors tell us that he is a fierce and powerful Success. Garou gets a Standard Outcome, which is up to the 
predator, and that is definitely relevant to what he is doing. Storyteller to describe.
Therefore, Garou receives 3 Base Successes.

Let’s see all the possible results of Garou’s Check:
The Storyteller declares that the Opposition Level of the wolves 
is Medium, which is equal to 5. However, the Storyteller Rolling even a single 1 on the dice makes the action fail.
decides to lower it to 4 because the wolves’ Descriptor specifies In this case, the action fails: if the Hunter’s goal is to 
that they obey only their Alpha Greskar or Iskra, and neither somehow avoid a Wound, they will suffer it. The narration, 
of them is present in the Scene. however, goes on anyway. Whether the Hunter wants it or 

not, something changes, and, in the case of a Failure, it does 
Garou has 3 Base Successes and needs at least 1 Additional so in a way that affects them negatively.
Success to reach the Opposition Level. This is the minimum to 
get an Outcome with a Cost. The Storyteller describes the result: Garou hurries to avoid 

alerting the wolves, but this makes the attack hasty and 
Now the Player can decide if they want 2 Additional Successes inaccurate. The bite misses its mark as the other wolf dodges 
to reach a Standard Outcome (1 Success over the Opposition the attack and turns around, ready to face the threat.
Level) or 3 Additional Successes to aim for an Outcome with 

21



DEFENSE CHECK
By obtaining a total of Successes equal to the Opposition By obtaining a total of Successes 2 points over the 
Level: the action would result in an Outcome with a Cost. Opposition Level: the outcome is an Outcome with an 
The Hunter gets what they want but at a Cost chosen by the Increment.
Storyteller from the list (page 14), in line with what is 
happening. As a result of the Outcome, if the Hunter’s goal The Hunter gets what they have set out to do and an 
is to harm a target in some way, 1 Wound can be inflicted. Increment, an additional effect increasing the range of the 

action itself. The Increment is provided by the Storyteller 
The Storyteller describes the result: Garou sinks his fangs into in relation to the situation and the objectives of the Hunter, 
the throat of one of the wolves, which, being able to suffer choosing from the generic list (page 15). Alternatively, 
only 1 Wound, is instantly killed. Unfortunately, as the if the Hunter’s Gifts grant special Increments, they may 
animal falls to the ground, it drags Garou with it, throwing choose to activate them.
the Hunter off balance. The Storyteller assigns 1 Penalty to 
Garou’s next Check. The Storyteller describes the result: Garou sinks his fangs into 

the throat of the enemy, which, being able to suffer a single 
By obtaining a total of 1 Success above the Opposition Wound, is killed instantly. Garou sprints past the opponent’s 
Level: the action would result in a Standard Outcome. body and pushes the remaining wolves along a narrow path 
In this case, the Hunter gets what they intended and, if to prevent being surrounded, as stated by the Player at the 
consistent, can inflict 1 Wound on one or more targets. start of the attack. The Storyteller will therefore neither 

be able to exploit the narrative advantage of Garou being 
The Storyteller describes the result: Garou sinks his fangs into outnumbered for the wolves’ next action, nor their Gift which 
the throat of the enemy, which, being able to suffer a single confers advantages to them when they outnumber a prey.
Wound, is killed instantly.

This is exactly what happened in the example on page 20. 

22



DEFENSE CHECK
Defense Check The same action and the same situation can have very 

different outcomes based on the Hunter’s narrative: 
evaluating whether a threat is perceived or not makes 

A Defense Check is basically a Position Check which the difference between presenting the Check directly or 
represents an obstacle to the Hunter’s intentions. When a giving the Hunter the opportunity to review their action. 
Threat or NPC acts on a Hunter, the Storyteller asks the Has Garou seen the enemy pack fight before? Has the 
Hunter for a Check to see how well they can handle the Hunter experienced their fighting style and knows how 
problem. Often a Defense Check is self-evident, such as they exploit their numerical superiority? Or does Garou 
when an enemy responds by attacking a Hunter during a have a Descriptor that indicates the ability to understand 
fight. Other times it will be unexpected, for example when the enemy’s strategy? In these cases, the Storyteller should 
a Hunter declares an action and the Storyteller brings into allow Garou to review his action.
play elements that have been underestimated or hidden. Other Rules on Position and 
A Hunter’s action may require a Defense Check before a 
Position Check can be attempted. In that case, the Storyteller Defense Checks
decides whether to allow them time to review the action, 
examining the Descriptors involved and establishing Let’s discuss some additional elements to consider when 
whether the Hunter has the opportunity to become aware calling Position and Defense Checks.
of the threat in time. A Player describes how the Hunter does 
After Garou’s attack, the wolves cannot use their numbers something
to overwhelm the enemy. Garou recounts how he used the 
narrow path to force the wolves to face the Hunter one at During the game, narration is continuous. Every Hunter 
a time. The Storyteller declares that the Opposition Level must be aware that, if there are no obstacles or a Position 
drops from 5 to 4 as the opponents fail to use their Descriptor Check is successful, they will get exactly what they have 
Efficient as a pack. It will always be Garou to make the set out to do. One’s intent must be clear while narrating, 
Defense Check, and once again will be able to count on 3 describing what they do concretely and not what they could 
Base Successes thanks to his Descriptors, deciding what kind possibly do. In combat, “I try to hit the enemy” is the wrong 
of Outcome to aim for. In the same situation, if Garou had way to state intent; “I hit the head of the pirate” is much 
declared to dodge the blow rolling away from the enemy, he more precise and useful for fictional positioning.
would have ended up in a small clearing behind his back. In The big difference between the two statements is that 
this way, unknowingly, Garou would have put himself in the the first one is too general and doesn’t tell us anything, 
perfect position for the enemy to bring into play their Gift, making any Outcome bland and leaving all the burden of 
which increases their Level of Opposition by 1 when they are the consequent narrative to the Storyteller. The Player’s 
numerically superior. intentions could be misinterpreted and the action would 

likely lead to a less entertaining narration. The second 

23



statement, however, makes the facts clear: for the Storyteller, Dodging a rifle shot by throwing yourself to the ground 
it will be easy to narrate the result of “hitting a pirate on the is probably the simplest solution, but even in the case of 
head” and also to pick any Cost, Increment, and what type a positive Outcome, it will result in you ending up on the 
of Wound to inflict in case of success. ground. 

A nearby enemy could take advantage of this and force your 

E Hunter to do a Defense Check while you’re attempting to 

evveerryytthhiinngg  gstoaerst sb afrcokm to t thhee n naarrrraattiioonn, get up. Blocking the bullet with an improvised shield will be 
very dangerous and obtaining an Outcome with a Cost could 

The most important question to keep in mind during the mean suffering a Wound, but will leave your Hunter standing 
game is: what is happening in the Scene? Broken Tales starts and ready to react.
with the narrative premise that each Player describes what 
their Hunter does, while the Storyteller responds through When many subjects are involved in 
NPCs and situations. There are no subsystems: when an 
action can have an interesting or uncertain outcome, you ady Sncaemneic, aitl liys good to establish turns 
make a Check. Take into account what was narrated before 
asking for the Check. What is happening in the Scene will When Hunters are alone or in situations where they 
lead to a whole series of considerations: have full control and time to plan their moves, they can 

freely decide how and when to act. On the other hand, if 
◆	 What prompted the Check? Are we narrating a violent there’s a conflict situation involving NPCs, the Storyteller 

action towards someone? Or a stealth maneuver to must always divide characters into two factions. After 
sneak away unseen? Is the action free and unimpeded determining the first to act, each faction will then make 
or does it put the Hunter at risk of having to make each of its members act in turn until all of the Hunters and 
a Defense Check first? What is happening in the prominent NPCs have acted at least once.
narration is essential to understanding what will be This system is called Exchange and it establishes a 
achieved with the Check. Always remember that if an “narrative order.” It is used by the Storyteller to keep the 
action is successful and it makes sense in the context, spotlight equally divided between the parties but does not 
the target could suffer 1 Wound. have to follow all the contenders in the same way.

◆	 How do you manage the Check? Does the Hunter What matters during an Exchange is that Hunters and 
bring into play a relevant Descriptor? Does the NPC prominent NPCs have time to act and turn the tide in 
or Threat involved bring a Descriptor into play as well? their favor, while everything else remains active, but in the 
What Gifts are used? It is always through the narrative background.
that we will understand “how” the action is done.

◆	 What’s the result? How does the Hunter’s narrative 
position change after the Check? The result is the 
most important part because it will always cause some 
change to the ongoing Scene.

24



After a Position or Defense Check, the 
narration always continues Strength in numbers?
After a Check, the situation must evolve in some If a group of four Hunters faces a pack of twelve wolves, 
way, for better or worse. This is a fundamental step. the Storyteller will not have the enemies act twelve times. 
A Position Check always moves the situation forward Instead, the wolf pack has the same number of actions as the 
far enough, even if by just a few moments, to ensure Hunters, four in this example. The purpose of the Exchange 
that the previous status is changed. This applies both isn’t to put pressure on the Hunters with multiple Defense 
to any type of positive Outcome, as well as to a Failure. Checks, but to create a tense situation. An overwhelming 
Failing can mean many things. Sometimes, you can number of enemies is already a decisive narrative advantage. 
get what you want and still fail. The Player narrates They can surround the Hunters (forcing them to succeed in 
how. A Position Check to push someone off a cliff can a Defense Check to move), take secondary actions, and so 
be resolved in many ways, one of them being that the on. Some Gifts increase the Opposition Level of opponents 
target is pushed but takes the Hunter down with them! based on their number, which can also be a good way to 

emphasize their superiority.

Hunter vs Hunter
Broken Tales assumes that a conflict between two 
Hunters should be resolved mainly between Players, 
with a spoken mediation between intent and outcome. free to decide how to divide the duties of narrating Outcomes, 
However, it could happen that one Hunter acts to harm Costs, Gifts, choices and Descriptor uses between Storyteller 
another, generating either a Position or Defense Check. and Hunters to match your playstyle.
In this case, the Storyteller determines who is acting 
(the Active Hunter), and who is at the receiving end of 
the action (the Passive Hunter). The Active Hunter will Descriptors
then have to make a Check against an Opposition Level 
of either Easy 3 (if the Passive Hunter has no relevant They represent the salient narrative features of a Hunter, an 
Descriptors) or Medium 5 (if the Passive Hunter has a NPC, or any other element of the setting. Descriptors help 
relevant Descriptor). The Passive Hunter cannot spend Players in interpreting the Hunter and the Storyteller in 
Soma to increase their Opposition Level. establishing areas of competence during the game. Another 

effect of the Descriptors is to grant bonus XP if they caused a 
Dividing storytelling duties Hunter trouble during a Scene.
Broken Tales puts all the choices in the Storyteller’s 
hands, who then decides Costs, Increments, and Each Hunter Descriptor is made up of two parts. One is positive 
if Wounds are inflicted. This is intended to avoid and describes the Hunter’s abilities and strengths. The second, the 
interruptions in the game flow and avoid delays due to Downside, highlights a flaw or weakness.
indecision, which can be a frequent problem in some Baba Yaga the Child Witch possesses the Descriptor I am very 
other games. Once you are familiar with the rules, feel skilled in reading people. That is why the Order has chosen 

25



GIFTS
me as leader of the Hunters. I love manipulating people 
and I often do it merely to amuse myself. This Descriptor 
tells us a lot about our Hunter. Yaga is good at reading others Gifts
and plays a major role among the Hunters. At the same time, Gifts are special skills and abilities that give Hunters and 
Yaga cannot contain her manipulative nature and will tend NPCs depth. Every Gift has a full description of its effect, 
to abuse it even without any real need, creating unnecessarily which clarifies when and why it can be used in the game. As 
complicated schemes to reach her goal. with Descriptors, Hunters and NPCs use Gifts in different 

ways.
In this case, there is a noticeable difference between a On the Hunters’ side, Gifts influence different game 
Hunter, NPCs, and Threats. The protagonist of the game situations, from obtaining circumstantial bonuses to 
is defined by three complete Descriptors (positive part + recovering Soma.
Downside), while NPCs and Threats have only one, not Generally speaking, NPCs and Threats have Gifts that have 
necessarily with a Downside. simpler effects than the Hunters’. On pages 29, 32 and 

Additional considerations: 73 you’ll find all the expanded rules to create Gifts for 
Threats, NPCs and Hunters.

◆	 For everything that is not a Hunter, a Descriptor is Gifts are by far the most design-heavy elements to create for 
nothing more than a narrative sentence the Storyteller Storyteller and Players, as they must be balanced following 
can use to manage that particular story element. The an often-subjective evaluation.
Descriptor of an NPC or a Threat may have a Downside 
or not. The important thing is that the Descriptor is 
narrow enough to clearly signal how and when it is The golden rule when creating a Gift is to start by describing 
relevant in a Check, and what tactics can be applied what happens in the narrative when the Gift is used.
against it or in its favor.

◆	 Some Gifts create a temporary Descriptor. In that case, This means setting aside bonuses and game effects so 
the Gift description and its importance in the narrative that you can prioritize a narrative description over the 
will indicate the Descriptor’s specifics. mechanics. It is good to be exhaustive, describing how the 

◆	 Descriptors created by Wounds will be mainly of Gift is activated, if it requires special precautions, and what 
a negative nature. This doesn’t mean that a Hunter happens when the owner shows it off. On page 73 you 
cannot exploit them to their own advantage, but that will find a series of Archetypal Effects and Costs for the 
they will be more of a problem than a resource. Hunters’ Gifts which, when combined, will allow you to 

build a full-fledged Gift.

26



GIFTS
Ask yourself: needs to be increased or lowered.

It is important to clarify that Wounds represent the NPC’s 
◆	 If you had to describe in simple words what a Gift “plot armor” that keeps them active during the Scenario, not 

does and when it can be used, how would you just their physical stamina.
describe it? ◆	 Any NPC who represents a minion or doesn’t have 

◆	 Which of the mechanics available on pages 75 or special abilities should have 1 single Wound. Even when 
81 best suit what you described? facing many of these opponents, Hunters can defeat them 

with a single hit.
Always ask yourself the questions in this order! ◆	 Minor NPCs should have 3 Wounds, so they can 

withstand some of the Hunters’ attacks and have their say 
Having a clear understanding of what happens in the before being knocked out.
narrative is key to deciding which Effects and Costs to ◆	 Anything between 3 to 6 Wounds is indicated for three 
apply. In Broken Tales, Hunters and their opponents are categories of NPCs. First, are the Main NPCs of the 
often exceptional people. There’s nothing wrong with Scenario, who play a prominent role in the narrative. 
giving them Gifts that grant incredible abilities. The only Dark Presences and particularly dangerous enemies, 
real way to create a balanced Gift is to remain consistent who even by themselves can be a match for a group of 
with the backstory of the Hunter/NPC. Hunters, can have a larger Wound pool. A single Exchange 

is probably not enough to defeat an opponent with 5 or 
6 Wounds, thus giving the Storyteller the opportunity to 
present an extended challenge.

James the Swordsman is engaged in a deadly duel with the 
Masked Swashbuckler (a Dark Presence inspired by Puss in 

Wounds Boots). After a failed Defense Check, James is slashed in his 
right leg by his opponent, causing a Wound. The Storyteller 
gives it the Descriptor: Slash in the leg. As this is the first 
Wound suffered, James is still in the game, but from now on 

All creatures have a pool of Wounds, an indicator of their declaring maneuvers that require quick movements or running 
ability to withstand injury and trauma. In terms of play, a away could require a Check.
subject’s pool determines how many Wounds they can take 
before being knocked out or, worse, killed. The number of When a target receives its last Wound, its fate is decided by the 
Wounds an NPC can suffer is established according to their Player who inflicted the Wound, in accordance with what has 
type. been narrated up to that point. This means that suffering the 
Every Wound suffered must be outlined with a Descriptor, last Wound does not always mean dying or being incapacitated 
which represents its effects on the narration. This will permanently. Wounds can also be psychological trauma such 
become an additional element for the Storyteller to evaluate as fear or loss of confidence. They can also be debilitating 
when, during Checks, the Opposition Level of something statuses such as fatigue, confusion, and exhaustion. The result 

27



of a Position or Defense Check may have the additional 
effect of causing a Wound. Equipment and 
The Astonishing Pied Piper Without A Name enters an 
underground catacomb, where an evil spirit rages and possessions
whispers mad words in the ears of mortals. Determined to 
smother the ravings of the spirit with his music, the Pied In Broken Tales, everything a Hunter needs and can be 
Piper brings his flute to his lips and breathes a sweet melody. justified by their Descriptors will be in their possession. 
The Storyteller then asks for a Position Check to determine if As a general rule, owning something simply expands the 
the Piper’s melody will really soothe the restless soul. Playing Hunter’s storytelling possibilities, allowing to declare 
the flute, the Pied Piper hears the ghost’s whispers and is lost actions that wouldn’t otherwise be possible.
in a nightmare of dying, devoured by a mob of hungry rats. 
This vision shakes the Hunter, who will suffer the Wound The Astonishing Pied Piper Without A Name always has the 
Terrified by mice. trusty trained mouse named Hamelin nearby. The Pied Piper 

Recover or exhaust Wounds can employ his little friend for various tasks, or even complex 
ones, such as exploiting a crack in the wall to retrieve the key 

Although it may not seem like it at first glance, Wounds are of the Hunters’ jail cell.
a full-fledged resource, useful both for absorbing damage 
and for activating the effects of various Gifts. A Wound is 
easy to suffer, but it’s just as easy for a Hunter to recover. Weapons and Armors

◆	 At the discretion of the Storyteller, at the end of each 
Scene where there is an obvious moment of rest (such Weapons and armor have no damage modifiers or 
as a night of sleep), each Hunter will recover 1 Wound. protection values; this does not make them less effective. 

◆	 During an Interlude, each Hunter can choose to recover The true value of a good weapon is represented by the 
1 Wound for free (instead of recovering Soma), and by narrative opportunities that it will give to its owner. In 
spending XP, heal additional Wounds. game terms, this means that the Storyteller will evaluate 

◆	 For the NPCs, on the other hand, the Storyteller simply the usefulness of the chosen equipment every time they call 
evaluates whether the subject has had the opportunity for a Check. Whenever possible, it is important to detail 
to recover from the damage suffered and, if so, restores an NPC’s weaponry in its Descriptor. A good alternative is 
all their Wounds. to focus on the fighting technique, allowing the Player to 

decide what equipment is appropriate.

Consider the following:
◆	 A pack of hungry wolves will be at its strongest when 

exploiting their numerical superiority, while it will be 
less effective in the absence of the alpha wolf.

◆	 A skilled swordsman will be a relentless foe in single 
combat but be at a disadvantage if thrown into the 
chaos of a large-scale confrontation.

28



◆	 The Beast that longs for the flesh of James the wealth. Regina the Thief of Hearts, on the other hand, will 
Swordsman will be able to crush a peg-legged pirate only need to make her requests known to some “friends” in 
but will be easy to circle and backstab. the city and receive what she wants in a short time.

These considerations will lead the NPC’s Opposition Is the object of the search easy to find or is it a rare and 
Level to go up or down by 1, making it more or less lethal precious commodity? 
depending on the situation and giving a relative meaning In the first case, they get it. In the second case, the Storyteller 
to weapons and armor. In addition to the modifier, always will reveal information on how to obtain it in the story. The 
keep in mind what leads to a Position and Defense Check Hunter will then have to actively work to get their hands 
during the narrative. Charging an enemy with a loaded on it. 
pistol will result in a Defense Check for the Hunter before 
they can attempt a Position Check to conclude the attack. Threats

The term Threats refers to features of the game world such 
as special places, natural threats, and all those situations in 
which the Hunters can be in danger but are not directly 
facing an NPC. A drawbridge of a haunted castle or the 
illusion of a mighty witch are both excellent examples of 

Wealth and Possessions a Threat. 

In the Broken Europe of the eighteenth century, trade is To create a Threat, the Storyteller must establish three 
highly developed, but most Hunters show no interest in points:
worldly riches. The Broken Tales system does not assign ◆	 Create a Descriptor that indicates the characteristics of 
a precise value to every piece of equipment, and for this the Threat. 
reason, there is no real need to keep track of treasures ◆	 Establish a Threat Opposition Level. 
or anything else, if not for the weight they can have on a ◆	 Optional: Give the Threat a Gift to represent a special 
narrative level. When a Hunter is preparing to obtain or ability.
seek some material goods, the Storyteller must consider 
two elements: Threats are a way to formalize potential Position or Defense 

Checks and a good way for the Storyteller to keep track of 
Are there any Hunter Descriptors that justify that what may happen during the Session. Often, a Threat will 
specific possession or that give the Hunter the possibility be created on the fly as a direct result of a Hunter action and 
to obtain it? will not require additional work for the Storyteller.
For Garou, the Old Wolf, getting horses and supplies for a 
long journey could be tricky. All his Descriptors lead back to 
a wild wolf who, even when in a human form, possesses no 

29



Sun Wukong the Amazing Monkey is chasing a mysterious Below you will find a list of generic Gifts, to use as a basis 
killer that the Hunters have caught red-handed at the crime for creating Threats on the fly.
scene. The mysterious, black-cloaked figure leaps swiftly 
across the rooftops of Prague, almost as if it were flying. Sun ◆	 The Threat Gifts always must clearly state in the text 
Wukong runs after them by jumping from roof to roof. It is what activates them.
night and it is raining, so a Defense Check will be needed to ◆	 Unless there are valid narrative justifications, there is 
keep Wukong from losing track of the target. no reason why a Threat Gift should not affect NPCs 

as well.
It is good practice to establish a Descriptor for each Threat, 
in order to have a narrative reference that describes the 
possible result of a Hunter’s current course of action. Generic Gifts
Threat Gifts are simpler than those of the Hunters, as they This list of Gifts represents generic features adaptable to 
serve to represent a particular effect that activates when the every type of Threat.
Hunter interacts with the Threat. The best way to create a 
Threat Gift is to describe what happens in the story when Adverse: The Threat consumes the power of those who 
the Hunter suffers the effects of the Threat. Unlike the approach. A Hunter loses 1 Soma at the start of each Scene, 
Hunters’ Gifts, which are a balancing act, a Threat’s Gift while an NPC lowers their Opposition Level by 1 on the 
allows you to have fun creating effects to make the Scenario first action taken. 
more interesting. Clock: The Threat accumulates Tokens of a certain type (see 

page 76), in relation to the actions of the Hunters or the 
In the wolves’ lair, it will not be easy for the Hunters to move passing of time. Once you have reached a predetermined 
around without being spotted. The Gift Defense Lair (page number of Tokens, activate a Special Event listed in the 
124) might be the most suitable because it forces intruders Gift’s description. This is a good way to give importance to 
to succeed at a Defense Check every Scene to avoid detection. the passage of time, or the accumulation of resources and 
On the other hand, if the wolves in our story have pups to information during exploration. 
defend, the Gift Duty Bound (page 33) will be more 
relevant to what we imagine could happen in the narrative Create Effect: When the Threat activates, it creates a 
when the Hunters enter the lair. By describing what we Descriptor representing how the situation is affected and 
imagine and want to happen in the story, it becomes very changed by the Threat.
easy to detail the full effects of the Gift. Damage: When the Threat is triggered, it inflicts 1 Wound 

of a sort linked to the type of Threat. This Wound is in 
addition to any Wound inflicted on the Hunter because of 
a Failed Check. N

30 PCS



Disturbance: The proximity of the Threat weakens a NPCs
certain ability, such as magic in a holy place. Anyone near The first step is to decide what kind of NPC should be 
the Threat receives 1 Penalty (-1 to the Opposition Level for created.
NPCs) when using abilities that are affected by the Threat’s 
power. Main NPCs
Fulcrum: The proximity of the Threat enhances a certain These are the real antagonists of the Scenario or, more 
ability, such as magic in a place charged with arcane energy. generally, characters with an Agenda who will have a 
Anyone near the Threat receives 1 Additional Success (+1 strong impact on events. Main NPCs must have the skill 
to the Opposition Level for NPCs) when using abilities that and influence to move the story in their favor or to be an 
are affected by the Threat’s power. interesting challenge for the Hunters.

NPC M
s in

 o
c r N

a PCs
tegories These are the people surrounding the Main Scenario NPCs. 

A Minor NPC is almost never going to be a big challenge 
for a Hunter and should be considered more of a link 

In this part, we will explain how b
 e
to tw

 c e
r e
e n
a  
t S
e c
 N en

P a
C ri

s o
.  

B si
r t
o u

k at
e i
n o

 ns and Major NPCs. Given their 
Tales allows you to come up w va

it r
h y

 in
N g

P  i
C m

s p
 v o

e r
r ta
y n

 c
q e

u ,
i  
c a
k  M

ly, i
 nor NPC may not even have an 

defining only a few necessary fe A
at g

u e
r n
e d
s. a

 Th . In
e  
 t
f h
o i

l s
l  
o w

w a
i y
n , 

g t
 h
a e
r i
e r
  actions will be easier to manage 

the recommended guidelines. Th an
e d

S  c
to o

r n
y n

te e
l c
l t
e  
r t
 o
c  t
a h
n e

  
a M
lw ai

a n
y  

s N
 PCs and Hunters.

decide to change one or more variables to best characterize 
whoever they have in mind. For example, nothing prevents Dark Presences
you from assigning a Major NPC an Opposition Level of Dark Presences are NPCs who, like the Hunters, come from 
Easy 3 to represent a person who is socially influential, but the world of fairytales and have been “broken” by the wish 
totally unable to handle other situations, despite the rule of the Child Savior. Dark Presences feature an extra sub-
of thumb stating that a Major NPC will have a Medium 5 item, called Type, providing a general reason why the Dark 
Opposition Level. Presence is in the Scenario or in the world of Broken Tales. 

N Dark Presences enjoy a slightly more complex creation 
system, illustrated on page 41. 

PCS 31



NPC Type  Descriptor Agenda Wounds Opposition Level Gifts
From 1 to 6, in 

1 or 2, useful to give 
relation to their im- Normally, Medium 5 

If carried out, con- a greater insight into 
Main NPC Represents abilities, portance. 3 Wounds represents a solid ability 

siderably changes or the Main NPCs’    are-
strengths, and flaws. are considered ave- to oppose the Hunters’ 

resolves the Scenario. as of expertise.
rage for most human actions.

NPCs.

1 or no Gift. Due 
From 1 to 3. As a Normally, Easy 3 for 

Minor Not mandatory. If to their nature as 
Represents abilities, rule, most Minor common examples or 

NPC present, it’s tied to a “extras”, most Minor 
strengths, and flaws. NPCs should have 1 Medium 5 for capable 

Main NPC. NPCs shouldn’t have 
single Wound. examples.

a Gift.

From 1 to 6, in re-
Represents skills Representing the 

lation to its impor- Normally, Medium 5 to 
Dark and the characters’ essence of the Dark 2 Gifts, to give more 

tance. 3 Wounds are represent a solid ability 
Presence connection with Presence in the world character to the Dark 

considered average to oppose the Hunters’ 
their original of Broken Tales. Presence.

for most Dark Pre- actions.
fairytale.

sences.

NPCs Gifts Example: an NPC linked to the Vampire myth could have 
the Immortal Gift, which makes it impossible to kill except 

The Gifts of NPCs are simpler than those of Hunters, as by some specific means described in the Gift itself. How 
they grant bonus effects in very specific areas and almost immortality manifests is determined by what we imagine 
never have an activation cost. The best way to create an the character to do in the narrative. Will they fall under the 
NPC Gift is to describe what happens in the story when blows they have suffered, turning into a cloud of smoke or 
the NPC uses their Gift. Unlike the Hunters’ Gifts, which will they simply ignore any Wound that is not inflicted by 
need a more careful balancing act, with NPC Gifts you can something they’re vulnerable to? Or will their body regenerate 
indulge in creating the most imaginative effects to make instantly in front of the incredulous eyes of those present? By 
each NPC unique and interesting. describing what we imagine and want to see in the narrative, 

it becomes easy to detail the full effects of a Gift.

32



Below, you will find a list of generic Gifts to use as a basis 
for creating NPCs on the fly. You can also freely draw from Generic Gifts
the Hunters’ Gifts and adapt effects to fit the NPC if they are 
fairly powerful. Often, however, a Gift meant for a Hunter This list of Gifts represents generic features adaptable to all 
will require some modification to be suitable for an NPC. types of NPCs and creatures. 

◆	 NPCs have no Soma, so Gifts that require a Soma cost 
to activate must change so that their use is limited to Ally / Minion: The NPC has a minion, animal, or some 
one or more times per Scene. kind of servant ready to lay down their lives for them. The 

◆	 NPCs do not score any Additional Successes or Ally / Minion is another NPC who will do their best to help 
Penalties. These effects must be converted into an the owner of this Gift and, in case of danger, can shield their 
equivalent modifier (+1/-1) that can be applied to the patron and take 1 Wound in their place.
NPC’s Opposition Level.

◆	 Many NPCs have few Wounds and paying a Wound to Armored / Thick-Skinned: The NPC can take 1 addi-
activate a Gift can be a difficult cost to bear. In these tional Wound or ignore a certain type of Wound such as 
cases, it is best to make the activation of the Gift free being immune to fire.
the first time in each Scene the NPC uses it. Destined / Duty Bound: The NPC will not be easily 

swayed. Once per Scene, the NPC can ignore or interrupt 
the effect of a Gift that is used against them.

Determined / Devoted: Religious belief or iron determi-
nation means the NPC always stays calm. Any attempt to 
persuade or manipulate the NPC through words or a power 
related to a Broken Tale receives 2 Penalties.

Expert / Skilled: Whoever possesses this Gift increases 
their Opposition Level by 1 when they do something they 
are masterful at. This specialization must be indicated in 
the Gift description.

Foul Play / Poisoner: Wounds this NPC inflicts are 
made more serious by a dangerous poison. Wounds 
inflicted in this way cannot be recovered with an Interlude 
as usual, but only through the use of a specific antidote / 
medication or at the end of a Scenario.

Gang / Herd: Whoever possesses this Gift increases their 
Opposition Level by 1 when acting against a target if they 
have the support of one or more companions.

33



Intuitive / Persuasive: The NPC is good at reading 
whoever they face. During a social interaction, the NPC 
can understand one of the Descriptors of the person they 
are talking with. A Hunter can make a Defense Check to 
avoid revealing anything about themselves.

Sworn Enemy / Weapon Master: The NPC is a dan-
gerous opponent in combat and, once per Scene, can inflict 
1 additional Wound when an attack hits.

Versatile / Resourceful: The NPC has a second De-
scriptor representing a very useful personal resource, such 
as great wealth or a special combat technique. The first time 
this is shown off in a Scene, the NPC can impose 1 Penalty 
on any Defense Check.

Agenda
Main NPCs always have an Agenda, which establishes 
their way of acting and helps the Storyteller manage 
their behavior during the game. Each time an Agenda is 
exhausted, either in success or failure, the Storyteller must 
evaluate whether to write a new one. Agendas are very 
important, because they give purpose and depth to NPCs 
in a quick and functional way, suggesting their responses to 
the Hunters’ actions during the Scenario.
On page 93, you will find tables and guidelines for the 
creation of NPCs Agendas.

34



The Storyteller’s Role
T about their past. For the Storyteller, however, the spectrum 

of agency is much broader. 
his chapter will examine Storyteller’s role, and 

provide useful tips for managing Sessions and Scenes. The But how, then, does the Storyteller act during a Session?
role of the Storyteller differs from that of other Players 
in terms of duties and narrative authority over the game 
world. Where the Hunters are the protagonists of Broken Giving life to Broken Europe
Tales’ stories, the Storyteller is responsible for presenting a Broken Tales’ setting is a version of eighteenth-century 
world that is coherent and managing everything that is not Europe where rural landscapes are still predominant. The 
the direct prerogative of a Hunter. The Storyteller makes Hunters often travel to small villages and abandoned places, 
decisions for NPCs, determines when Scenes open and where the Broken Tales can find fertile ground in which 
close, and generally looks at the game with a different eye. to act away from the gaze of ordinary people. The Broken 
The role of the Storyteller is equivalent to that of a movie Tales’ existence is an anomaly. At the same time, they need 
director, who, however, does not have an immutable script. contact with people and reality to pursue their goals. This 
Instead, they shape what could happen if the Hunters duality will inevitably create conflicts and problems. It is up 
do not intervene, and improvise with a certain degree of to the Storyteller to bring out these elements, which form 
freedom. In this way, each Scenario will be unique and the basis of the events of Broken Tales’ stories, in play. The 
tailored to each group. key principles of the setting are:

How the Storyteller acts during a ◆	 The world of Broken Tales, Broken Europe, is 
a massive fairytale that encompasses all other 

Session fairytales within it. This concept will be explained 
better when we discuss the Campaign (page 243). For 

The game is n
a o
 c w

o , 
n i

v t 
e i
r s
s  
a g
t o
io o

n d
  
w to

h  
e k
r e
e e
 p
th  i

e n
 S  m

to i
r n
y d

te  
l t
l h
e a
r t

p  B
re r

s o
e k
n e

t n
s  
 Europe 

various situ i
a s
t  
io a

n  fi
s ct

a i
n o

d n
 al

t  
h w

e o
P rl

l d
a  
y t
e h
rs a

 t 
d la

e y
a s
l  

w its
i  
th fo

 u
th n

e d
m at

 io
b n

y s
  in the 

narrating ho r
w ea

 t l
h  h

ei i
r s
 t
H or

u ic
n a

t l
e  
r c
s o
 a n

c t
t e
. x
 F t 

o o
r f
  
a t
 h
P e

la  
y e
e ra
r, ,

  
s a
to n

r d
y  

t t
e h
l e
li n

n  
g c

 orrupts 
duties are all e

re v
l e
a r
t y
e t
d h

 t i
o n

 t g
h  w

ei i
r t
 h
H  

u ou
n t

t -
e o
r f

a -
n th

d e
 t -
o b

 s o
o x

m  c
e h
 i a
n r

f a
o c

r t
m er

a s,
t  
i m
on a

 gic, and 
a strong horror vibe.

35



◆	 The stories the Hunters live out will almost always 
take place in a rural setting. The section on Broken By managing information
Europe on page 103 will provide useful information The Storyteller knows many secrets and will often see all 
to manage and present a plausible eighteenth century. the mysteries of the Scenario clearly from the beginning. 
In this context, the Storyteller’s prerogative must be Their task is to disclose information according to the 
to break the fairytales, place them in this plausible questions and actions of the Hunters. Since the Storyteller’s 
context, and give each character a purpose and a reason goal is for the Hunters to advance from Scene to Scene 
to use the powers that distinguish them. towards the conclusion of the Scenario, they should never 

deny information, as explained on page 16. This does not 
mean helping the Hunters or offering NPCs with ready-

By choosing or creating a Scenario made solutions. Hunters must always be at the center of the 
The Hunters are part of the Order and intervene when Scene, while NPCs must act in response to their actions, 
there is a cry for help against the darkness. The Storyteller with information acting as the glue between the two.
decides which Scenario to present from those found in this 
book or creates one from scratch. In the case of a Campaign, Considering when to call a Check
the Storyteller can manage everything as explained on page The last important responsibility of the Storyteller is 
243. to manage the transition from narration to resolution 

through Position and Defense Checks. As explained in the 
By shaping the initial situation of each Scene rules, the Storyteller must always be certain of a Hunter’s 
This is a great power: the Storyteller decides how a Scene intent when evaluating whether to request a Position 
begins and who will be there. They describe places and Check. Broken Tales allows you to act on the granularity 
situations, and only when the Scene is clearly understood of events, “zooming in” on a particularly important scene 
by everyone will they leave the stage to the Hunters. After and splitting it into multiple “close-up shots”, or keep a 
the first Scene, it will be easier to set up the following “wide shot” to solve a macro-situation in one go. The most 
ones, because in most cases it will be the Hunters who will striking example of this granularity can be found during 
specify a new objective. The Storyteller will simply have fight Scenes: all the parties involved will act to harm the 
to decide what happens between one Scene and the next, opponents on multiple actions and, most likely, failure will 
and how the new situation begins. Between two Scenes, have painful consequences. In a conflict, the Hunters will 
the Storyteller must keep track of what is happening and describe action after action and generate many Checks. 
possibly “move” the NPCs, if they have already appeared Conversely, an action to infiltrate a location protected by 
in a previous Scene, according to their Agenda. There is guards could be resolved with a single Position Check 
no predefined style regarding how to set up a Scene. The made by the Hunter leading the raid. 
Storyteller introduces everything that seems relevant to the As a general rule, before requesting a Check, the 
situation and goals of the Hunters, asking questions of the Storyteller must ask themselves the following question: 
Players to understand how the story should unfold. Does Succeeding or Failing the Check have an interesting 

narrative outcome? 
If the answer is yes, then it’s okay to call a Check.

36



By fostering a safe and inclusive gaming 
environment Tmipasn afogre mpreonpter game 
Role-playing is an activity that can easily expose delicate 
issues, offending the sensibility of some Players. Broken 
Tales is no exception and the themes of the Scenarios can The following is a series of good procedures that can be 
be difficult to deal with for some people. Each Scenario useful to the Storyteller and clear up any doubts about 
includes a series of Keywords useful for getting a quick various game situations.
understanding of the situations that could arise during the 
game. In this way, the Storyteller will be able to evaluate Establish the initial description of the Scene
what to offer to the table and whether or not to list the Take into consideration the place, the time of day, and other 
Keywords to the Players. It must be noted that Keywords characters present. The Hunters see the world through the 
might reveal characters and situations, spoiling some Storyteller, who filters what has yet to be discovered from 
aspects of the plot. what has already been revealed. For this reason, you can 
Another good way to handle difficult issues is to modify provide whatever information may be useful when the 
the Scenario based on Keywords. If the story includes Scene opens. After the initial description, ask the Hunters 
the Keywords Sect and Manipulation, the Storyteller questions to dispel doubts and better specify all the required 
can modify those elements in the plot, transforming the details.
members of the sect into something else. For example, a 
gang at the service of the villain. 
The best advice, however, remains to speak and listen to Manage NPCs Agenda
each Player and be accommodating to their sensitivity. Agendas are essential for keeping track of the opponent’s 
Often, simply hinting at what happened in a given situation possible actions in the Scenario. Checking the Agenda of 
and not dwelling on the details is a good way to run the everyone involved in the Scene, and what those encountered 
Scenario as it’s written without impacting the fun factor at in previous Scenes might do, is a good way to clarify NPC 
the table. motivations and have them act consistently.
Finally, even if it may seem trivial, it is good to remember 
that Broken Tales is a dark horror game with a focus on Ask questions and build on the answers
the distortion of traditional fairytales, switching the roles Questions are a great resource. Through a question, the 
of hero and villain. Approaching the game with appropriate Storyteller can better understand the intention of a Hunter 
expectations is essential to avoiding nasty surprises. After or detail a Scene and a place. Whenever they deem it useful, 
all, you wouldn’t go to the movie theater to see a scary it is good for the Storyteller to ask questions and build on 
movie if you hated the horror genre, right? the answers given by the Hunters.

37



Give every Hunter the spotlight action? From this point of view, the Increments must 
confirm the Hunter’s success and the Costs must temper 

The protagonists of the stories are the Hunters. Everything the success of an action that has, in any case, achieved the 
starts with them and from them come the decisions that desired result. 
will bring the Scenario to its conclusion. From a Hunter’s The real reason the Storyteller manages Costs and 
sheet, you can glean many elements useful in building an Increments is to make the game run smoother. Otherwise, 
interesting Session. Gifts also reveal a lot about a Hunter’s the narrative would stop with each Check to allow the 
abilities. Presenting situations where the Gifts can stand out Hunter to choose an effect from a list. There is no good 
is a good way to give a Player a chance to take action. reason not to give a Hunter what they want if they already 

have a clear idea of how their success can become even 
Interpret the rules and manage Position cooler.

Checks
The Storyteller has the last word on the interpretation of a Stay anchored to the story as it’s played 
rule. This does not mean handing judgments from on high and not to whatever you have prepared in 
as a superior and unfailing authority. The dialogue between 
Players is essential, but it makes sense to save discussions of advance

Even if you have an understanding of Scenario development 
rules for after the Session when it won’t stop the game. The 

and detailed descriptions of NPCs and situations, the game 
most “critical” mechanic to manage is understanding when 

will suffer if you focus on what you expected of the Hunters 
to call for a Check. This is because, as already mentioned, 

and not what they actually do. Scenarios are designed with 
the same action can be divided into more or fewer Position 

an open structure and the Agenda of the NPCs is intended 
and Defense Checks to better highlight the drama. This 

to make it easy to quickly come up with a consistent 
decision is up to the Storyteller, as Players will instinctively 

reaction based on the Hunters’ moves. By default, the plot 
try to perform as few Checks as possible. After all, making 

is not decided by the Scenario but created directly at the 
a Check means risking Failure or losing precious Soma 

table. If a game group prefers a more classic structure, each 
points. A good way to handle the breakdown of a situation 

Scenario provides a Scene Tree to follow that will help you 
is to ask often: What are you doing now? This simple 

set up a game more focused on story discovery and less tied 
question stops your description of the action and shifts the 

to improvisation.
responsibility to the Players: the narrative has entered a 
new phase.

Manage the results of the Hunters’ actions
The result of the Hunters’ actions is a vital element of the 
game. The Storyteller describes the results of a Position 
Check, but with the goal of staying true to what the Hunter 
expects to achieve. It is simple and easy to work from the 
intent of the Players. Isn’t that what motivated a certain 

38



If necessary, pause the game and ask other Don’t make the Hunters look incompetent
Players for assistance Make the Hunters’ failures interesting moments, rather 
The Storyteller does not have to fear stalemate situations. than humorous sketches where a Hunter fails miserably. 
Sooner or later, it will happen that the Hunters make a Even the Descriptors’ Downsides are 
decision so unusual as to undermine all expectations about excellent narrative hooks that can 
what could happen. In these moments, pause the game and put the Hunters on the spot. Use 
make it clear that you need a moment to rearrange your them to create an exciting game 
ideas. The Storyteller is not an entertainer and doesn’t owe where Hunters are the heroes.
the Players any more than the opportunity to have fun. 
While the Storyteller thinks, Players can take a break or 
organize themselves to play a Memory Scene. For example, 
two Hunters can play through a flashback in which they 
confront each other in an argument, or in which NPCs are 
present, perhaps interpreted by the other Players. Players 
will kill time and have the chance to bring the Downside 
into play and accumulate some precious XP, while the 
Storyteller prepares for a return in style.

Do not call Position Checks ahead of time
While Position and Defense Checks look similar, they are 
actually very different. A Position Check transports the 
Hunter into a new narrative phase where the Hunter’s Player 
gains the authority to decide whether to do something and 
why, taking a calculated amount of risk. Defense Checks, 
on the other hand, are born as a side effect of the Hunter’s 
action, and therefore are the ace up the Storyteller’s sleeve 
to respond to actions and place the Hunters in danger.

39



Don’t pressure yourself Join the dots
Whenever possible, boil things down to two factions, A Scenario features a set of NPCs, Places, and possible 
review Agendas between one Scene and the next to evaluate situations to create a connected macro-plot, but one 
how to move the NPCs, and take enough time to set the that will inevitably be tested by the actions and powers 
stage for upcoming events. The Storyteller shouldn’t be in a of the Hunters. This is a good thing. They are the heroes 
hurry to throw everything in the face of the Hunters right of the story and they are the ones who possess Gifts and 
away. It’s best to focus on a single Scene and a few NPCs to abilities that can make a difference. The Storyteller’s job 
better keep track of the situation. The more elements in the is to rearrange the Scenario after every Scene, having fun 
spotlight, the more the Hunters will have distractions and working out the NPCs’ moves in relation to those of the 
things to reflect upon, significantly slowing down the pace Hunters. Pursuing the Agenda of the NPCs, the Storyteller 
of the game. must play like the others to see how it ends, not pigeonhole 

the story in a pre-written path. Each Scenario in this book 
Make fights dynamic can have an infinite number of very different endings – it 
Even if the rules feature the Exchange system, the narrative makes no sense to limit this creative potential. Perhaps 
of Broken Tales must always remain in the foreground and the most important task of the Storyteller is to use their 
account for the Hunters’ tactical choices. resources jointly with the Hunters, without ever worrying 
A fight is always part of the story and will be more that the story will take an unexpected turn.
interesting if the actions of different participants in the 
Scene are handled with more flexibility, compared to the 
classic procedure of attacking someone only when it’s your 
turn. It is vital to remember that every NPC has an Agenda 
that clearly determines what they want to achieve. Rarely 
will that goal be fighting to the death against the Hunters. 
Suddenly running away, overturning a wardrobe to block 
someone, or setting fire to some part of the setting to make 
it more dangerous, are all legitimate actions to be processed 
first in the narrative, and only then by the rules. 
Similarly, a fight does not end when all of the enemy’s 
Wounds are depleted, but when the narrative makes it 
clear that one of the two sides has won. The simplest rule 
for handling a fight is to ask “what would this NPC do with 
their action now, to fulfill their Agenda?”, and then narrate, 
consequently, what happens in the fiction. The application 
of the rules with Check, Gifts, and other mechanics, will 
simply be a result of the choices made in the narrative.

40



Dark Presences
T An Opponent is a Dark Presence meant to be an enemy. 

Their Gifts will mainly be skills that put the Hunters 
in trouble. NPCs with a mercenary or hired assassin 

he creation process for Dark Presences follows the background would make excellent Opponents, as would 
same pattern as that for Hunters. It requires you to push a anyone unburdened by scruples.
fairytale character to their Breaking Point, then give it new 
life in the world of Broken Tales. Dark Presences are for all 
intent and purposes NPCs with a background connected An Ally is a Dark Presence aiding the Hunters. Their Gifts 
to the original fairytale, but aren’t specific to a Scenario. will primarily serve a support function. Hunters will be 
Within the world of Broken Europe, a Dark Presence can able to invoke or activate them in time of need. Allies are 
take on a life of its own. This makes them versatile figures, often Order-bound NPCs – that’s why they are ready to 
which the Storyteller can drop in any Scenario or Campaign serve the Hunters.
to assist or oppose the Hunters.

Finally, a Neutral Dark Presence is a type of NPC with a 

Every Dark Presence must be born personal goal unrelated to the Order or what the Hunters 
do. These NPCs can be both Allies or Opponents of the 

from a fairytale Hunters, depending on their Agenda.

The starting point is deciding which fairytale character to By following the following steps, it will be easy 
“break” in order to create their new version in the world of to decide the inclination of a Dark Presence.
Broken Tales. 

◆	 Any source for the fairytale will do, whether it’s a book 
or just a website.

◆	 Based on the original story, you have to decide what 
kind of Dark Presence you want to create.

41



Step 1 powerful (Opposition Level 7 Hard). Generally speaking, 
the average Dark Presence has 3 Wounds. 

Bring the character Finally, you have to decide on an Opposition Level (Easy 

to their Breaking Point 3, Medium 5, Hard 7). This is a general indicator of the 
NPC’s strength. Medium 5 is the “standard” level for the 

Underline and take notes on all the interesting words or Dark Presence, Easy 3 is for less capable NPCs, while Hard 
phrases in the original fairytale. These will become the 7 is only for the most powerful and dangerous subjects.
Keywords. Keywords are narrative flags useful in detailing 
all aspects of a Dark Presence. For some words or phrases, 
the meaning of a Keyword should be flipped. This step is 
necessary to reach the Breaking Point and transform the Step 3 Create the Gifts
classic character into its distorted version. Each Dark Presence must have at least two Gifts that 
It’s now time to detail a story and give a background to the represent abilities, powers, or something special they can 
Dark Presence. For historical notes and context, use the do. Keywords will be of great help in staying consistent. 
Europe of 1780 as a reference. However, there is no need to The basic rule is to describe what happens during the 
limit yourself to historical truth. narration when the Dark Presence uses their Gift. Using 

Step 2 the description can clarify what the mechanical effect of the 
Gift should be.

Assign the ◆	 Gifts for Opponents must be aimed at fighting or 
disrupting the Hunters. 

characteristics ◆	 Gifts for Allies must be formulated so that Hunters can 
activate them in order to obtain a supporting effect. 

We start by defining the Dark Presence’s Descriptor. A It is also often useful to assign an Archetypal Cost (as 
Descriptor consists of a couple of sentences that must explained on page 81) to balance the Gift’s potential 
summarize what the Dark Presence does and what benefit to the Hunters.
capabilities they have. As with a Hunter’s Descriptor, 
the Dark Presence Descriptor can have a downside. The 
Descriptor must make it clear who the Dark Presence is in 
a few sentences.

We then establish how many Wounds the Dark Presence 
can suffer, starting from 1 to a maximum of 6. Keep in 
mind that the number of Wounds is not an indication of 
the NPC’s power, only of their narrative “stamina”. An NPC 
can be easy to knock out (1 Wound), but very capable and 

42



A Gift Example for an Ally Dark Presence: Sinbad

Gift - Traveler of a Thousand Places: Sinbad has seen the whole world and much 
of what the Broken Tales hide. In the course of a Scene, a Hunter can invoke his help 
to obtain information or create an additional Descriptor that represents a specific 
area of Sinbad’s knowledge. But the old sailor is an eccentric type, and to provide his 
help he first must be entertained. The Storyteller will evaluate the current situation 
and Sinbad’s level of boredom. A Hunter can capture Sinbad’s interest with creative 
actions, as long as they’re appropriate to the current Scene.

Step 4 Agenda
The last step is to establish an Agenda for the Dark Presence, which 
is a short sentence that determines a motivation for their actions. 
The Agenda must be contextualized with the character’s story 
or the Scenario in which the Dark Presence will be used. If 
the Dark Presence comes from a fairytale from which one 
of the Hunters was drawn, it’s possible to detail a Special 
Agenda representing some connection between the 
two.

Note: Some of the Special Agendas in the following 
pages refer to Hunters featured in The Broken Ones 
expansion book.

43



Ambrose the Sorcerer 
known as Old Merlin
Inspired by Merlin from the Arthurian Myth (Neutral)
Deep mysteries still surround wielders of magic and their secret, 
centuries-old struggle for control of the arcane world. Some legends tell 
of the two most outstanding practitioners of arcane arts: Baba Yaga, the 
witch forced into the body of a child, and Ambrose, constrained into 
the body of a tired old man. Under the false name of Merlin, Ambrose 
has been pulling the strings of humanity’s destiny for centuries. He 
pretends to be of service to those who need him most, while in truth his 
actions only strengthen his position. Many seek the old hermit Merlin for 
advice or help, unaware that the only support he dispenses is that which 
supports himself. With each new petitioner, the ancient sorcerer grows 
ever closer to absolute power.

Descriptor: I am an ancient sorcerer, my body is weak, but my magical 
power is unmatched.

1 Wound 
Opposition Level: Hard 7 

Agenda: Pretending to be a wise old man who is always ready to 
help others with the proper advice / Gaining personal advantage by 
manipulating others. 

Special Agenda (Baba Yaga): I both respect and hate Yaga. 
Hers is the only power that can stand against mine. While the laws of 
magic prevent me from killing her directly, nothing prevents me from 
maneuvering her into danger. And if she perishes due to her own 
foolishness, all the better.

44



Special Agenda (Morgana of the Lake): I fear the 
power of the greatest sorceress of all time. Thanks to an Frog Face
agreement with Baba Yaga, we have sealed the memory of 
young Morgana. I will do whatever it takes to keep her from Inspired by The Frog Prince (Neutral)
awakening.

Note: Morgana of the Lake is one of the Hunters featured Once upon a time, the heir of a noble family was born 
in The Broken Ones expansion book. deformed. His face was broad and covered with pustules, his 

eyes huge and yellow, and his skin a frog-like green. Destroyed 

Special Agenda (Marina the Sea Explorer): by grief, the young man’s mother wished to keep him hidden 
 I respect from the world until he came of age. However, his father’s 

Marina as a skilled witch and I seek her aid against Baba untimely death made him the new head of the family. Locked 
Yaga. Obviously, once my great enemy is defeated, I will have in a world of fairytales and lies by his mother, the young scion 
to make sure that Marina does not take her place. was convinced that he was the victim of a curse that only a 

kiss from someone truly in love could break. For years, Frog 

Gift – Ancient Sorcerer: Face tried to find love and break the spell, receiving in return 
 Merlin’s power is incredible, only rejection and contempt. On the verge of madness, Frog 

achieving practically anything he can think of through the Face decided that if he couldn’t have true love, he would take 
use of magic. Those who rely on his advice will be able, once someone else’s. Since that day, Frog Face travels accompanied 
per Session, to activate the magic power that the wizard has by his trusty servant Heinrich. The two spy on people and 
infused within them. The magical effects must be decided when they find a couple in love, they kidnap one of the two 
at the time that Merlin blesses the character by defining an lovers to snatch a kiss. This perpetuates a vicious circle of hope 
appropriate Descriptor such as: Taking flight like a bird or and disappointment that always culminates in the killing of 
Having skin as hard as a stone. Whoever carries Merlin’s those who, in the eyes of Frog Face, do not nurture a love pure 
magic can activate its power once, obtaining the Descriptor enough to break the curse.
for the entire Scene. Once the Scene resolves the magic is 
drained from the player and cannot be activated again. Descriptor: I am a wealthy, deformed noble, using my 

resources to achieve my purposes.
Gift – Wise Advice: Merlin will never intervene 
personally but can appear in a dream or vision to his 3 Wounds 
protégés. Once per Scenario, a Hunter can spend 1 Soma 
to summon Merlin’s help. The sorcerer will appear with Opposition Level: Easy 3
helpful information or to bless the character with one of 
his spells. Agenda: Find someone truly in love and force them to kiss 

me to regain a normal appearance.

45



Gift - By Any Means: Frog Face’s only desire is to break 
the “curse” that afflicts him. When he is trying to obtain 
something that obviously brings him closer to his goal, his 
Opposition Level becomes Hard 7.

Gift - True Love’s Kiss: After years of experimental 
medicine, Frog Face’s saliva has acquired strange attributes. 
Whoever is kissed or licked by Frog Face will go into a daze 
for the rest of the Scene, lowering their Opposition Level 
by 2 (in the case of an NPC) or receiving 2 Penalties at 
each Check (in the case of a Hunter). A Hunter can make a 
Defense Check to resist the effects of True Love’s Kiss.

Heinrich the Trustworthy
Descriptor: I am the old family coachman, the only one 
who knows the truth about my master. Over time, the grief 
for his fate has driven me mad.

3 Wounds 
Opposition Level: Medium 5

Agenda: To help my lord realize his crazy dream, preserving 
him from a truth he would not accept.

46



Hua Mulan Once upon a time, there was a young 

 the Agenda: Punishing injustice and 
girl who lived in the Far East. When righting wrongs using the only tongue 
they drafted her old father for war, 

Sword Demon     the vile can understand – the language 
the young woman pretended to be a of the blade / Deep in my heart I hope 
boy to take his place, as women were 

Inspired by the legend of Hua Mulan to find someone who can show me what 
not allowed to be soldiers at the time. true justice is.

(Opponent) Under the false name of Hua Mulan, 
the young warrior won every battle 
and brought glory to her army, but Gift - Legendary Warrior: The 
when her true identity was discovered, Sword Demon’s prowess is unmatched. 
envious generals took advantage of it to During the course of a Scene, an 
accuse her of deception and betrayal. enemy will not be able to use the same 
Branded and exiled, the warrior fled Gift twice against the Sword Demon. 
her home, eventually reaching Europe Having seen them in action once, 
after a long and wandering journey. the Demon will always find a way to 
Tired and embittered at finding the anticipate the enemy and counter 
same sort of injustice wherever she their strategy.
went, Hua Mulan decided she would 
run no more. She made a disguise of her Gift - The Demon Blade: Any 
ancestral armor, hiding her face behind edged weapon wielded by the Sword 
the features of a snarling demon. Under Demon becomes lethal. With her 
the name of the Sword Demon, the weapon, the Demon can cut through 
warrior now wanders around Europe, solid objects, stop arrows, and even 
wielding her blade against everything dispel magic. Thanks to her iron will, 
that represents the status quo, such as the Sword Demon can defend herself 
the Order itself. against any type of attack, canceling 

Descriptor: the narrative advantage given by any 
 I am a skilled warrior associated Descriptors.

and have won a thousand battles. I hate 
injustice and I know that the way of the 
sword is the only answer.

3 Wounds 
Opposition Level: Hard 7

47



The Periwinkle Peer discover this weakness of mine. I prefer to show off my 
physical prowess and skill.

3 Wounds 
Inspired by Prince Charming (Opponent) Opposition Level: Medium 5 
Once upon a time, there was a handsome nobleman born 
the heir to a wealthy family. The Young Lord was famous Agenda: I must prove my perfection, even if it means 
for his prized, periwinkle blue cloak, which would catch drowning doubters in blood.
every eye whenever he entered a room. But despite everyone’s 
admiration and every young woman claiming him as a lover, Gift - Obsession for Perfection: The Periwinkle Peer 
the lordling was obsessed with only one thing: perfection. The draws strength from the drive to win every challenge. When 
Young Lord’s parents were the only ones who knew of their an enemy succeeds in a Defense Check against his action, 
son’s bedeviling compulsion, which in the past had the Peer gets +1 to his Opposition Level for the rest of the 
driven him to kill his brother, executed for the Scene. This bonus is cumulative. Once per Scene, when the 
crime of being a better horseman. Blinded by love, Peer receives his final Wound, he will mock his enemy 
the Young Lord’s parents pushed him into a in a fit of rage and grit his teeth to keep from being 
military career. The Young Lord rose through knocked out, immediately recovering 1 Wound.
the ranks quickly, driven as he ever was to 
excel. Then, he learned of sordid intrigues 
that could be used to garner preferment Gift - Divine Charm: The Periwinkle Peer 
and promotion. His madness possesses good looks and charm out of 
resurfaced, eventually driving him to the ordinary. With his mere presence, 
murder once more. A wanted man he is able to beguile anyone. During 
and a deserter, today the Young a Scene in which he is present, the 
Lord wanders endlessly, always Storyteller can create an Agenda 
looking for challenges to prove for a Minor NPC that describes 
his superiority, putting himself their infatuation with the Peer. 
at the service of anyone who This Agenda is more important 
praises his perfection. than all of the NPC’s past ties, and 

also any pacts they might have 
Descriptor: I am the best struck with the Hunters. The Peer 
at everything I do and I must can also influence Major NPCs (at 
win every challenge. I do not the Storyteller’s discretion) or a 
excel in science and academic Hunter. In this case, the Player will 
knowledge, but no one must create a Descriptor that represents 

48



how The Periwinkle Peer impressed the Hunter. This 6 Wounds 
new Descriptor lasts until the next Interlude and can be 
marked as usual to get XP. Opposition Level: Hard 7 

Agenda: To live in solitude and avoid contact with 

The Ancient Enemy humans, even if deep in my heart I still want to believe that 
there is a mortal worthy of my respect.

Inspired by the Dragon (Neutral) Special Agenda (St. George the Dragon Slayer): I 
hate St. George because he is a symbol of those who judge 

Once upon a time, there lived an ancient and mighty others blindly, overawed by faith. I want to humiliate him 
creature who had been a witness to the world’s unfolding and make those who believe in him see St. George as the 
since time immemorial. Frightened mortals called it Draco, lowest of the low.
fearing its proud bearing and immeasurable power. But 
despite his fearsome appearance, Draco wasn’t evil, just Gift - Colossal Body: Draco possesses a colossal body 
curious. In hopes of creating another of his kind, as he and is capable of flying at great speed. During a Scene 
had watched countless mortals do, Draco laid an egg once or Exchange, he can act 3 times instead of once: with his 
every century. Each time, evil and unscrupulous men took powerful bite, with his front legs, and with his long tail. 
possession of it before it could be hatched, leaving him Draco’s strength is so great that each of his actions inflicts 
alone. After a thousand years, despair stole Draco’s ability 1 additional Wound. Finally, Draco can spit flames from 
to lay more eggs. The bitter truth was, to lay an egg was to his mouth once per Scene, making an area attack in front 
condemn it to an evil fate. Even today, it is said that Draco of him, engulfing everything in flames.
keeps waiting for a person with a pure soul, able to show 
kindness and compassion enough to warm his heart, thereby 
giving him hope for the future. Meanwhile, the lying legends Gift – The Power of the Myth: Draco is one of the 
of a great dragon, an ancient Enemy of mortals, have most powerful beings of any myth and, in the course 
spread, reinforced by self-serving tales grown into myths of a Scene, he can use the following powers at will: 1. 
and superstitions. More and more fools seek glory by setting Shapeshifter: Take on the appearance of an ordinary 
out in search of the Ancient Enemy, invoking the grace of human or an animal. 2. Magicbreaker: Immediately 
God’s protection, to slay the legend once and for all. cancel the effect of a spell or arcane object that has been 

Descriptor: used in his presence (the user can attempt a Defense 
 I am an ancient and powerful creature. Check to avoid the effect of this power). 3. Gift of the 

My body was formed in the fires of creation and common Dragon: Shed a piece of his body, such as a scale or a tooth, 
weapons can do nothing against me. which can be used to forge objects with extraordinary 

powers. 

49



The Wild Swans Gang
Inspired by the Wild Swans (Opponent)
Once upon a time, there were eleven bold brothers, sons of an amiable 

nobleman. All were deeply attached to their younger sister Elisa and treated 

her like a queen. When the father remarried, the new wife, jealous of all the 

attention that the family reserved for Elisa, made a pact with Morgana, the 

famous witch, to cast a powerful curse. The brothers were turned into swans 

and Elisa was blamed for it. Accused of being a sorcerer and cast out by 

her father, Elisa wandered for months looking for a new home. Finally, she 

reached another region, where she was welcomed by a local noble who soon 

fell in love with her beauty. Elisa began living happily, regularly meeting her 

brothers, who in the meantime had been looking for a way to break the curse 

cast upon them. Elisa started to study magic to help them, but this attracted 

the attention of the prelate of the country who, fearing the worst, requested 

the Order’s intervention. Upon reaching Elisa’s presence, the Hunters noted 

her propensity for magic and took her away, turning her over to the papal 

inquisitors. When the eleven brothers found out, they cried bitter tears for 

their sister’s fate and swore revenge against the Order, waging war in the hope 

of finding Elisa alive.

Descriptor: We are a band of brothers and we specialize in fighting the 

Order’s emissaries. Thanks to the curse that has been inflicted on us, we can 

transform into swans.

1 Wound (for each of the 11 gang members)
Opposition Level: Medium 5 

50



Agenda: Defeat the Hunters of the Order and find Elisa / 
Save Elisa from the clutches of the Order, even if it means The Silent
destroying it.

Inspired by The Little Mermaid (Opponent)
Special Agenda (Morgana of the Lake): We learned 
that everything that happened to us is the fault of Morgana Once upon a time, there was a young Mermaid who was 
the Witch, so we want to kidnap and force her to save Elisa captured by a fisherman. Sensing her worth, the greedy 
with her magic. fisherman gave the Mermaid as a tribute to the local 

Note: nobleman. He displayed her as an exotic animal, fascinating 
 Morgana of the Lake is one of the Hunters featured everyone, but particularly the nobleman’s son. Over time, the 

in The Broken Ones expansion book. young man began to look at the Mermaid with different eyes, 
and his curiosity turned into passion. The

G  t
i w
ft o

  
– co

 n
C s

h u
a m

n m
g a

e t
 e
i d
n  

to a Swan: A member of the Wild a forbidden desire, which led the young Mermaid to feel 
Swans Gang can transform into a swan at will. The sincere love for her prince. The feeling was, unfortunately, not 
transformation is immediate. When it happens, it gives him reciprocated. As soon as the opportunity arose, the nobleman’s 
the new Descriptor: I am a wild swan – I can fly well, but son left the family home to get married. The Mermaid was 
I maintain my human consciousness. The gang member’s sold to a circus, destined to end her days as a sideshow 
clothing, items, and other possessions are never lost during monster frightening fools with her misery. The meeting with 
the transformation. a mysterious witch named Marina changed her destiny. In 

exchange for her voice, she obtained a shapeshifting potion. 
Gift – The Swans Gang: Whe “

n B
 e
a  
 c
m ar

e e
m fu

b l,”
e  
r s
 a
o i

f d
 t  

h th
e e
  
g w

an it
g c

 h. “Do you really wish to give up 
acts and has at least one partn w

e h
r a
 t

t  
o y

 ou
su  a

p r
p e

o  t
r o
t  
 p

h u
i r
m su

, e
  

h a
e  fl
 eeting love?” The Mermaid didn’t 

increases his Opposition Level by th
 1 in

. k
If  

 t
a w
t i

l c
e e
a  
s a
t b
 3 o

 u
m t 

e it
m  a

b n
e d
rs  

 drank the potion to become fully 
focus on supporting the same act h

io u
n m

, a
w n

h . 
o S

e h
v e

e  r
r e
 t
p u

e r
r n
fo ed

rm  to
s  
 h
it e

 r prince only to find that he barely 
increases the Opposition Level by r

 e
3 m

 p e
o m

in b
t e
s r
. ed her and their time together. The Mermaid’s 

heart darkened. On a full moon night, she drank the blood of 
her lost love, and with it that of his entire new family.

Descriptor: I am an unscrupulous killer, I hate humanity 
and the body to which I am condemned. My voice is reduced 
to a faint whisper, which weakened my Siren powers but did 
not take them away.

3 Wounds 
Opposition Level: Medium 5

51



Agenda: I work for anyone who can afford to pay with 
magic and arcane items, which I intend to use to become a 
Mermaid again.

Special Agenda (Marina the Sea Explorer): I hate 
Marina for what she did to me. Even though she warned me 
about what would happen, her power can ruin people’s lives. 
I want her to make me a Mermaid again before I kill her.

Gift - The Siren’s Whisper: The Silent has given away 
her voice, but she can still whisper. Any opponent acting 
against the Silent must pass a Defense Check before taking 

their action, or be dazed and miss the opportunity to act. 
A target cannot be affected by this Gift more than once per 
Scene.

Gift - The Siren’s Charm: The Silent possesses an 
otherworldly beauty that can awaken the lustful desire 
of those around her. Once per Scene, if the Silent wants, 
every subject in her presence will receive the Descriptor: 
I desire the Silent with all my heart and would do anything 
to have her. A Hunter can make a Defense Check to resist. 

Particularly powerful NPCs, at the discretion of the 
Storyteller, may not succumb to the Siren’s Charm.

52



The Wise Fox bring advice, an object, or information that will be decisive 
for the current Scene. Before dispensing his help, however, 
the Fox will ask for a price to be paid. Select between: 1. 

Inspired by The Golden Bird (Ally) Spilled Blood: Whoever benefits from the advice must 
self-inflict 1 Wound by shedding blood as a symbol of 

Since time immemorial some have set aside the wise words commitment. 2. Good Action: Whoever wants to receive 
that advised hard work and responsibility, preferring fast the Fox’s help will first have to perform the requested 
and easy rewards. When the lessons of the wise are action. This action, although apparently absurd, can 
ignored, pain is the teacher of last resort, bringing be contextualized by the Storyteller in a future 
with it the awareness that every mistake has a price. Scenario faced by the Hunters. The effort 
A benevolent and kind Spirit knew this well and required must include difficult or dangerous 
for centuries had tried to teach mortals in order situations to overcome. 3. Demonstrate 
to spare them the pain of a harsher lesson, only Commitment: To receive the benefit of the 
to see them inevitably choose the less sensible advice, a Hunter has to go through an entire 
path. Eventually, the Spirit decided to help those Scene without using Gifts.
in need, but only if they could meet his price. 
In this way, he thought, his help would be 
more appreciated by humans, who value Gift - Offer Help: Once per Scene, the 
something more the more it costs them. Wise Fox can appear and help one 

who previously paid the cost he 

Descriptor: required. A Hunter may spend 1 
 I am an immortal spirit Soma to get advice from the Wise 

incarnated in the body of a talking fox Fox, thus receiving 2 Additional 
and I have always watched over human Successes on a Position Check.
affairs.

6 Wounds 
Opposition Level: Hard 7

Agenda: To help the humans I deem 
deserving while asking a fair price in 
exchange.

Gift - A Good Advice: Once per 
Scene, the Wise Fox can appear to 
someone who has done a good deed, to 

53



Fire Eater the Puppeteer
Inspired by Pinocchio (Neutral)
Once upon a time, there was a skilled puppeteer obsessed with 
the idea of creating the perfect puppet. “If only my puppets 
looked like real humans,” he said. “Then my puppet shows could 
really reach people’s hearts.” After years of study, Fire Eater 
found an ancient alchemy book containing a bloody ritual 
capable of binding a person’s soul to an artificial body. From 
that day on, the puppets in Fire Eater’s traveling coach were 
never the same... Each puppet became the receptacle of a lost 
soul, added to the puppeteer’s grim collection.

Descriptor: I am a skilled alchemist and puppet master. 
Hidden within my clothes are all kinds of tools and weapons, 
each useful for disassembling and reassembling bodies, whether 
of flesh or wood.

3 Wounds 
Opposition Level: Medium 5

Agenda: Listening intently to the personal stories of those I 
meet and judging who deserves to join my puppet collection 
/ Treating everyone equally, innocents and murderers alike, 
because life as a puppet is a blessing.

Special Agenda (Carlo the Living Puppet): I’m always 
looking for the perfect puppet. Once I find it, I will make it 
mine, no matter the cost.

Note: Carlo the Living Puppet is one of the Hunters featured 
in The Broken Ones expansion book.

54



Gift - The Puppets’ Rite: Fire Eater can animate a 
Puppet by harnessing the soul of a dying person within The Masked
it. From that moment on, the Puppet will be linked to 
its creator until he decides to free it. A Puppet has the Swashbuckler
following profile:

Descriptor: Inspired by the Puss in Boots (Opponent)
 I’m an animated puppet and I do 

everything my creator says... [see the Puppet Gift below] Once upon a time, there was a cunning Cat who made his 
1 Wound young master’s fortune. But alas, as often happens, instead 

Opposition Level: of thanking him the now rich scion was quick to abandon his 
 Easy 3 faithful companion. Disappointed, the Cat put himself at the 

service of three other masters, but once success and wealth 

Gift - Puppet: were achieved, they all got rid of him. Thus it was that the 
 At zero Wounds a Puppet will shatter, Cat swore to work only for himself. In the adventures that 

but if repaired it will immediately recover its Wound and followed, the Cat released an ancient spirit from which he 
return to action. The Descriptor of each Puppet must obtained a wish. Having heard of this miracle, the original 
be completed with a feature related to what they were in ungrateful master showed up, pitiful now after developing 
life. Acting on that part of the Descriptor can awaken the a rare disease. He begged for forgiveness, repenting of his 
dormant consciousness of the harnessed soul, allowing the arrogance, and asked the Cat to wish for a cure. In return, he 
Puppet to act independently of its master. promised eternal gratitude. The Cat accepted and made the 

wish. But, as soon as the miracle was performed the Cat’s old 
master killed him, fearful of his incredible abilities. 

Gift - Master of Puppets: Fire Eater is always But even a fool knows that cats have nine lives, though his 
surrounded by at least 6 Puppets. In his presence, increase master might have forgotten. The next day the Cat returned 
each Puppet’s Opposition Level by 1. When he would suffer from the dead. Enraged by the betrayal, the Cat swore 
1 Wound, Fire Eater can sacrifice a Puppet instead. revenge. He put on a mask capable of making him appear 

human, allowing him to masquerade as a noble duelist. He 
began to travel to courts and drawing rooms, taking revenge 
on his ungrateful masters. After killing them one by one, the 
Cat developed a taste for blood and decided that from that 
day on, his only master would be money.

Descriptor: I am a cunning cat who can pretend to be 
human thanks to a magical mask. I put myself at the service 
of the highest bidder without qualms and I use my countless 
lives to get the better of every problem.

55



3 Wounds 
Opposition Level: Medium 5

Agenda: To serve my customer without asking questions / 
Mocking those who trust others too much.

Gift - Nine Lives Like a Cat: The Masked Swashbuckler 
still has eight lives left, so he can return to action once 
he is taken out. When he is eliminated, the Storyteller 
can make him disappear from the current Scene in 
a blatant way or by revealing his death, even if the 
Hunters just wanted him disabled. In the following 
Scene, The Masked Swashbuckler will rejoin the action 
with the following perks: 1. Once per Scene, he can 
prevent an enemy from using a Gift he has already 
seen in action previously. This effect interrupts the 
target and their action is wasted. 2. His Opposition 
Level is increased by 1 when defending against an 
enemy he has already faced in a duel. 3. Once per 
Scene, he can take advantage of a magical item that 
he has previously procured to defeat his enemy. 
The item is disposable and the Storyteller must 
create a Descriptor to accompany it, such as The 
Invisibility Potion or The Stone of Blinding Light.

Gift - Cat Mask: Thanks to his magical 
mask, the Masked Swashbuckler can freely 
transform between human and cat, taking 
advantage of this to approach his enemy. 
The transformation is instantaneous, but it 
cannot be done in front of witnesses.

56



Orcus a cliff and was saved by the providential intervention of 

the Guardian Orcus who, with his immense strength, threw the man and 
his horse back onto the road. The impact, however, was fatal. 

Inspired by the Evil Orc (Ally) The Judge ended up smashed like a ripe apple. From job to 
job, Orcus was always welcomed by someone attracted by his 
abilities, who ultimately ended up dying in some absurd way. 

Once upon a time, there was a gigantic and deformed man A wealthy merchant was pushed away to avoid being hit by 
no one wanted to befriend. Orcus was mocked and excluded a cart but ended up mangled in the machinery of a nearby 
from society, until one day he met a gentle nobleman who factory... A skilled medic who fell into a river was rescued 
knew how to look beyond his repugnant aspect. The nobleman by Orcus, but when the hapless giant attempted to apply the 
made Orcus his personal bodyguard. One day, during a trip resuscitation technique his master had taught him, the poor 
to the nearby capital, the nobleman’s carriage was attacked man’s rib cage cracked before exploding to pieces under the 
by assassins. Orcus defended the nobleman and his family pressure. After going from master to master, Orcus eventually 
with all his might. Lost in the heat of battle, he seized the found a home in the Order, perhaps the only place where his 
carriage itself to use as a weapon. He used it to crush his Herculean strength could safely be put to good use.
enemies and, unwittingly, killed all the passengers too. Orcus 
was destroyed by grief, and the Judge who oversaw the trial 
that followed showed him mercy. He would serve Descriptor: I am a giant of incredible strength and repulsive 
his sentence as a guard for the Judge. appearance. I serve the Order as the Hunters’ Guardian and 
But the tragedy only repeated execute every order to the best of my ability.
itself. During a hunt, 
the unwary Judge 3 Wounds
slipped off

Opposition Level: Medium 5

Agenda: Do my best to serve the Hunt-
ers, but avoid killing anyone with my 
strength.

Gift - Strength of the Ogre: 
Once per Scene, a Hunter can in-
voke Orcus’s help and use one of 
the following effects: 1. Orcus can 

lift, move, or break either an 
object or part of the environ-
ment, with a force equal to 

that of five men. 2. If Orcus 

57



can use his strength to support another Hunter’s action, the Gift - Guardian of the Hunters: Once per Scene, a 
Hunter he aids will receive 2 Additional Successes. When Hunter can invoke the protection of Orcus, who will take 
this Gift is used, roll a die: with a 5 or 6, Orcus uninten- 1 Wound in his place. When you use this Gift, roll a die: 
tionally causes irreparable damage to an object, the envi- on a 6, Orcus takes the Wound but inflicts 1 Wound on 
ronment, or a person while using the Gift. the    Hunter by accidentally overwhelming them with his 

incredible strength.

•
Goldilocks and her  
War Bears
Inspired by Goldilock and the Three Bears 
(Opponent)
Once upon a time, there was a young orphan who, to escape 
the clutches of a gang of thieves, took refuge in a forest. After 
wandering for days, the young woman found a bear’s den 
and, seized by desperation and hunger, ate the honey she 
found there. Exhausted and cold, she recklessly fell asleep in 
the den. When the bear came home it pounced on her, but the 
girl managed to defend herself with an old knife found stuck 
in the bones of a careless hunter. The young woman got the 
better of the feral animal and slit its throat. Before dying the 
bear inflicted dozens of deep wounds that spoiled her good 
looks forever. Desperate but determined to survive, Goldilocks 
heard a moan coming from the bottom of the den. She found 
three newborn bears, orphans of the mother she just killed. 
She took the cubs with her and, from that day, promised that 
no one would ever toy with her life again. Years later, a rumor 
was heard often across the battlefields, of Goldilocks and her 
war bears who were revered and feared as the most dangerous 
of all mercenaries.

58



Descriptor: Sinbad the Traveler of 
 I am a young mercenary who combines fighting 

skills with uncontrolled fury. My loyal war bears are my family a Thousand Seas
and no one can lay a finger on me. Inspired by Sinbad from One Thousand and One 
3 Wounds Nights (Ally)
Opposition Level: Medium 5 Once upon a time, there was a skilled sailor who traveled every 

sea and witnessed every land. Dissatisfied and bored, Sinbad 
Agenda: Live without anyone telling me what I should or can turned to the strangest and darkest legends to find something 
do / Take care of my beautiful blonde hair, the only part of my that could arouse his interest. Learning of The Broken Tales 
body that hasn’t been spoiled. was for him the discovery of a new world. From that moment 

on, Sinbad became a seeker of forbidden treasures, hungry for 

Gift - War Bears: dark knowledge and secrets concealed from the eyes of mere 
 Goldilocks is always accompanied by mortals. It was only a matter of time before he caught the at-

her three trusty War Bears. The Bears only obey her and it tention of the Order. Sinbad willingly put himself at the service 
is not possible to influence their behavior or scare them, not of the Hunters, offering his great experience in exchange for 
even with magic. When Goldilocks acts, she can expend one the rare opportunity to feel the thrill of discovery once again.
of her Bears’ actions to obtain a single special effect: 1. Inflict 
1 additional Wound with a successful attack. 2. Cancel 1 Descriptor: I am an experienced traveler and have seen 
Wound suffered, which a Bear will take instead. 3. Increase every known land. I get bored easily if I’m not interested in 
the Opposition Level of an action by 1. what I’m doing.

The Three Bears 1 Wound 
Descriptor: Opposition Level: Medium 5 

 We are Goldilocks’ children and fight alongside 
her with unstoppable fury. Agenda: I am willing to do anything to experience the thrill 

Fang - 3 Wounds Opposition Level: of discovery once again. .
 Easy 3 

Black - 1 Wound Opposition Level: Hard 7 Special Agenda (Sherazade, the Weaver of Tales): 
Claw - 2 Wound Opposition Level: Medium 5 I’m boost of knowing every story and legend, and I love to 

mock those who pride themselves on limited knowledge. I 

Agenda: want to ridicule the stories Sherazade tells, highlighting the 
 Defending our mother at any cost. truths that only I know.

Note: Sherazade the Weaver of Tales  is one of the Hunters 
featured in The Broken Ones expansion book.

59



Gift - Traveler of a Thousand Places: Sinbad has seen Gift - I Know How To Do It: Once per Scene, a Hunter 
the whole world and much of what the Broken Tales hide. can get 1 Additional Success in his Check, asking Sinbad 
In the course of a Scene, a Hunter can invoke his help to for helpful advice. As with Traveler of a Thousand Places, 
obtain information or create an additional Descriptor that Sinbad needs to be intrigued before helping.
represents a specific area of Sinbad’s knowledge. But the 
old sailor is an eccentric type, and to provide his help he •
first must be entertained. The Storyteller will evaluate the 
current situation and Sinbad’s level of boredom. A Hunter 
can capture Sinbad’s interest with creative actions, as long Alfred Leaves the Talking 
as they’re appropriate to the current Scene. Ghost

Inspired by Pinocchio’s Jiminy Cricket
Dark Presence by the Storymancer Collective 
(Neutral)
Once upon a time, there was a rich and powerful criminal 
named Alfred Leaves. Secrets were his weapons and his 
business, and there was no one in London who did not have 
unfinished business with him. Or, more simply, had some 
unspeakably shameful secret uncovered by Leaves. He became 
more and more obsessed with secrets, his thirst for knowledge 
extending far beyond the affairs of miserable mortals. Who 
had created the world? What was there after death? In a 
frenzied madness, Alfred Leaves took his life by striking 
himself on the temple with a heavy hammer. Returning as a 
ghost, Leaves encountered the One Who Plots in the Shadow. 
Finally, everything was clear to him. After a few days, Leaves 
woke up, alive once more and ready to restart his business of 
secrets on behalf of a new and dark master.

Descriptor: I am a usurer of secrets, and will sell them at 
a high price. If I die, I become a ghost until I am reborn in 
flesh and blood.

60



1 Wound
Opposition Level: Easy 3

Agenda: When I am alive, I want to discover all the secrets I 
can,  in order to report them to the One Who Plots in the Shadow 
/ When I am dead, I walk around like a ghost and feel the need to 
share the secrets I know. 

Special Agenda (Carlo the Living Puppet): I hate lying, 
because it does nothing but devalue a secret. That little animated 
puppet is the ultimate representation of the power of lying and I 
want to stop him from speaking.

Note: Carlo the Living Puppet (inspired by Pinocchio) is one of 
the Hunters featured in The Broken Ones expansion book.

Gift - The Returning Ghost: When Alfred is killed he 
becomes a ghost and, after one or more Scenes (at the Storyteller’s 
discretion), he will come back to life. When this happens, his 
Opposition Level goes up one rank (at first Medium 5 and then 
Hard 7) and he gains 1 Wound. After being killed the third time, 
Alfred will revert to his normal profile, forgetting who killed 
him. In ghost form, Alfred has no memories of when he was 
alive and wanders like a restless soul in the city cemetery. The 
Opposition Level remains Easy 3 and the Agenda changes.

 
Gift - Trader of Secrets: When the talking Ghost engages 
in a conversation with someone, he will compel them to share 
a secret or sin they have committed. A Hunter can oppose the 
effect of this Gift with a Defense Check. The Talking Ghost 
always knows a secret related to one or more of the NPCs linked 
to the Scenario in which he appears.

61



Oakheart 1 Wound
Opposition Level: Medium 5

the Lady of the Woods Agenda: Find companions willing to 
Inspired by Blodeuwedd (Ally) look beyond my appearance and treat me 
Dark Presence by Chris with kindness. I am attracted to those who 

van der Linden and Chris are particularly beautiful, as I secretly 

“Mono” Mahon desire a lover.
 
Gift - Rotten Face: Oakheart removes 

Those who venture into darkened woods her mask, revealing her terrifying 
and lonely forests whisper of a twisted face. Any creature who glimpses it is 

woman with skin made of bark, legs driven temporarily mad. The madness 
made of coiling roots, and a face hidden can take the form of single-minded 
by a crude wooden mask. Offered as the terror or gibbering catatonia. Create 
mortal bride to a forest god centuries a Descriptor to represent the insanity 
ago, the woman was transformed into a induced by the vision of Oakheart’s face, 
hideous being to please her new groom and inflict 1 Wound on anyone who sees 
but soon watched her husband wither and it. Alternatively, Oakheart can bestow 
die as the forest was cut down. Now bereft its hideous face on a Hunter, who will 
of her home and her love, she wanders receive the ability to use this Gift once 
the woods in search of companionship. during the Scenario.
Dubbed “Oakheart,” it’s rumored that 
any mortal who glimpses her true face 
is instantly driven mad by her terrifying 
countenance, but some wanderers claim 
to have been aided or even rescued by the 
creature, who seems attracted to young 
and beautiful travelers.

Descriptor: I am a twisted, lonely being 
who wanders the forests and rewards 

companionship and kindness with 
boons.

62



Gift - Blossom Boon: After experiencing love or true 
friendship with a person, Oakheart’s withered branches 
burst into bloom, raining petals on her and her new bond. 
This generates 3 Petal Tokens. Each can be used to heal 1 
Wound. Alternatively, you can use 1 Petal to cal oTfh Be rFeemraeln Musicians 

m a subject 
in the grip of negative feelings, so that they can ignore 
Descriptors and A I

ge n
n s

d p
a i
s r
 r e

e d
la  b

te y
d  

 T
to h

 e
th  B

e r
al e

te m
re e

d n
 s  

t T
a o
te w

 fo n
r  M
 the u

 sicians 
rest of the Scene. (Neutral)

Dark Presence by Claudio Serena
Near Bremen in the deep north of Germany, there is a small 
Inn that more experienced travelers recommend avoiding, 
called “The Musicians”. The Inn was home for many refugees 
and slaves who were abused by their masters or fleeing their 
past. It was a safe place where the long arm of the law could 
not find them. Over time, the Inn has also attracted bandits 
and criminals of the worst kind, eventually becoming a 
haunted place that travelers avoid and mothers use to scare 
children who do not want to sleep. From the main hall, you 
can hear a cacophony of horrible noises that no human being 
could produce. Due to the violence that has taken place there, 
the Inn has acquired a life of its own by making the pain 
and fear of all those who have sought refuge there its own. 
Whoever stays, by mistake or desperation, will encounter one 
of the four aspects that the Inn is able to manifest, namely the 
Musicians: the Witch, always followed by her black cat; the 
Hunter, armed with a knife and accompanied by his hound; 
the Judge, whose cock’s feather writes the faults of those who 
meet his gaze; and the Monster, a shapeless creature whose 
braying can lead to madness.

Descriptor: I am a place full of violence and suffering, 
able to awaken the deepest fears in the souls of those who 
approach.

63



4 Wounds (1 per Musician) than enough to make even the sturdiest soul waver. Any 
action performed inside the Inn during the manifestation 

Opposition Level: Medium 5 of one of its aspects receives a 1 Penalty.

Agenda: Feed the fears of the patrons, corrupting their Gift - A Past of Suffering: When one of the Musicians 
minds so they will revel in the violence that follows. is hit, the suffering of the Inn’s victims overwhelms the 

attacker, causing cuts and bruises, then forcing them to 
Gift - Cacophony: Whether it be the words of the Judge, relive a moment in which they lost something important. 
the spells of the Witch, the barking of the Hunter’s hound, Inflicting 1 Wound to one of the Musicians requires a 
or the braying of the Monster, the cacophony of horrible Defense Check in order not to suffer 1 Wound in turn. Once 
noises emitted by the entities inhabiting the Inn is more a total of 4 Wounds is inflicted on the Musicians, they quiet 

down for the rest of the Scene, to regenerate completely in 
the following one. The only way to truly destroy them is to 
raze the Inn itself.

•

The Returning Wolf
Inspired by the Bad Wolf (Opponent)
Dark Presence by Peter Chiykowski 
In the days when his heart still beat and his lungs still 
drew breath, this wicked animal used to prowl the woods, 
avoiding the huntsman who had long hunted him for his pelt, 
and stalking for a tasty bite amongst unsuspecting human 
travelers. Imbued with the powers of human speech and 
cunning, the wolf tricked his victims into betraying their loved 
ones into his clutches as well. He fed well until the fateful day 
he ate up the little girl in the red hood and her grandmother. 
That was the day the huntsman caught and slew the Wolf. 
As the story of his death spread and changed from telling to 
telling, he was tortured and executed in a dozen gruesome 
ways: drowned in a trough, boiled in a pot, smashed into the 
ground, cut down, cut open and his belly filled with heavy 

64



stones. The many tellings bled together and the Wolf, mangled Gift - Frightening Revenant: The Wolf reveals horrific 
by countless hands and condemned by countless tongues, has mutilations, each revealing something about his deaths. His 
returned to claim revenge for every death he was subjected empty eyes are as cold and bottomless as the well he was 
to. He is everything that has been said about him. Big. Bad drowned in. His pelt is a patchwork of burns and skinned 
And out for blood. flesh. His belly is full of slashes and stitches. His growl is 

Descriptor: a terrifying sound, grinding painfully from a chest full of 
 I am the Returning Wolf: I am bad, hungry, heavy stones and broken bones. No NPCs will approach 

and now I am the hunter. or fight the Wolf, being paralyzed by terror. Particularly 
powerful NPCs, at the Storyteller’s discretion, can ignore 

3 Wounds this effect. When a Hunter acts against the Returning Wolf, 

Opposition Level: they suffer 1 Penalty for each action taken.
 Medium 5

Agenda: Gift - The Better to Eat You With: The Wolf can 
 I am hell-bent on revenge on the human world. I swallow his enemies whole, trapping them inside his belly 

am a revenant animated by undying acrimony for the soft- and crushing them to death with the heavy stones the 
skinned creatures that invaded my woods and yet had the grandmother sewed inside it. When the Returning Wolf 
audacity to condemn me to death. My only goal now is to inflicts 1 Wound, it can swallow the victim whole as an 
glut my endless hunger for human flesh and fear. I have a additional effect. In the next action, the victim can only 
particular hatred for children, the elderly, and Hunters, try to free themselves. If they fail the Position Check, or if 
whom I see as responsible for my many deaths. they decide to stay in the belly of the Returning Wolf, they 

Special Agenda (Iskra the Young Wolf): receive 1 additional Wound.
 I harbor 

a deep hatred for this little pest. She is somewhat linked to 
my pain. I want to swallow her and let her slowly die in my 
stomach.

Note: Iskra the Young Wolf is one of the Hunters featured 
in The Broken Ones expansion book.

Special Agenda (Garou the Old Wolf): I want to warn 
the poor fool so that he understands what he will face if he 
keeps by the side of these blasted humans. 

65



The King’s Unlikely Tailor
Inspired by The Emperor’s New Clothes (Neutral)
Dark Presence by Guido Campanini
Once upon a time, there was a young provincial tailor with the gift of knowing 
how to see into people’s souls in order to dress them in the best possible manner. 
One day his best friend convinced him to sew a suit for a wealthy merchant. To 
cover the wolfish soul of the greedy merchant, the poor tailor had to use his own 
soul, one of a lamb, mixing his own blood in the dyes. It was a resounding success 
and the rumor spread all over Paris. The more his wealthy clientele grew thanks 
to the rumors spread by his friend, the more blood the poor tailor had to shed. 
His success led him to the King’s court, where the young tailor began to kidnap 
innocents from all over Paris to bleed them in his workshops. It was a necessary 
step to manufacture dyes capable of disguising those with souls so corrupt. When 
the King asked for a suit, the young tailor immediately realized that simple blood 
would not be enough to conceal all the man had done to make his people suffer.

Descriptor: I am an anemic young man with a body covered in scars, escorted 
and aided by my rich friend who considers me his most precious possession.

1 Wound
Opposition Level: Easy 3

Agenda: Finding the purest-hearted person in the nation to make a suit for 
the King / I fell madly in love with the one person who never asked me for a 
dress, the King’s youngest daughter. I wouldn’t spill a drop for her dress, she is 
too pure. But I know that if I can’t find anyone for her father’s suit, I’ll have to 
use her.

66



Gift - Soul Tailor: A suit sewn by the tailor masks the 
soul so well that whoever wears it looks like another The Mothers of Fate
person. They are seen as admirable and good, even while 
committing atrocious acts. Only children and the innocents Inspired by the Fairy Godmothers of many 
can see beyond the illusion. A Hunter can perform a fairytales (Ally)
Defense Check against an Opposition Level Hard 7 to see 
beyond the deception of Soul Tailor. Dark Presence by Francesco Panitti
The Cheating Friend Cloris, Panis, and Galis, called the Mothers of Fate. Since the 

Descriptor: dawn of time, there have been figures who control people’s 
 I am the young tailor’s “best” friend and, to destiny, plot in the shadows, and hide in plain sight. They are 

keep my life comfortable, I am willing to do anything. When the ones we go to for advice and whom we trust blindly.
I act for my own benefit, no one can stop me. They use their proximity to manipulate people, enjoying their 

1 Wound intrigues and rejoicing when everything goes according to 
their plans.

Opposition Level: These figures are always represented as three sisters who, since 
 Hard 7 ancient times, have been weaving and cutting the threads of 

Agenda: everyone’s destiny. Their true identity is unknown as they 
 Keep the tailor alive, become richer and richer, have always hidden behind the name of Fairy Godmothers.

and to use his favor to ask for the hand of the King’s daughter. When the three sisters insinuate themselves into the stories 
they wove, they always did so by changing their appearance 
and name, all to get closer to the protagonists and manipulate 
them according to their will. Some rumors say that it is 
possible to make deals with them, but always at a very high 
price.

Descriptor: We are three sisters, we never show our real 
identity, but we twist fate to our pleasure thanks to our 
powerful magic.

3 Wounds [1 for each Mother]
Opposition Level: Medium 5

67



Agenda: Pretending to be friendly and kind, while 
manipulating others’ choices according to our will / Appearing 
out of nowhere in time of need, thanks to our magic.

Gift - The Way Forward: The knowledge of the three 
sisters is absolute and unlimited; they know the past, 
present, and future. By asking the Mothers of Fate for 
advice or information, you will be able to obtain guidance 
to follow to achieve your goals or information that few 
know. This all comes at a high price. Once per Session you 
can ask the Storyteller a direct question about a person, a 
place, or a secret, to which they will answer in detail and 
with specifics. In exchange, the Hunter must perform a task 
for the Mothers, but which the Hunter will not remember. 
The Hunter receives 1 Pact Token, which the Storyteller can 
spend during a Scene to introduce the effects of the action 
the Hunter performed for the Mothers. The action can 
be anything, even in open contrast to the Hunter’s moral 
stances. They will be aware of what they have done only 
when the truth is revealed.

Gift - As if by Magic: The power of the Mothers of 
Fate is such that it can change reality for a short period 
of time. By unconditionally accepting a request from the 
Mothers of Fate and spending 1 Soma, once per Session, 
the Hunter can ask the Mothers to modify the surrounding 
environment, adding or removing any object, creating an 
advantage for themselves or whoever they wish.

68



The Hunter’s 
Creation

Step 1 – Collect sources of 
C inspiration

reating your own Hunter takes some time, but Each Broken Tales’ Hunter is derived from a fairytale villain. 
it’s also very satisfying. Broken Tales provides a large The first step will therefore be to decide which villain to 
cast of ready-made Hunters which can be used to get “break” and which source to draw inspiration from. It is 
started right away. However, if the Players’ intention is important to choose a fairytale, an essay, or another source 
to tackle a Campaign, creating Hunters from scratch that speaks of the villain in its most classic incarnation, 
can be a good option. Of course, nothing prevents you trying to avoid modern takes. This is because fairytales and 
from mixing things up! Maybe some people in your classic stories feature characterizations very much in line 
group will create brand new Hunters, while the others with the Broken Tales mood, without the adjustments for 
use one of those we provide with the game. modern sensibilities that are quite common with the more 

recent versions. This step is a good opportunity to do some 
The Hunters’ creation does not simply consist of research and maybe discover the dark sides of a fairytale 
describing the protagonists on paper. Use the steps in you thought you knew!
this chapter as a guide, both for breaking the story of 
an iconic villain, and creating the mechanics to describe An important note: in the text, the term “fairytale” also 
their powers. This process is called Bringing a Villain includes many classic stories such as The Wonderful Wizard 
to their Breaking Point: that’s how they’ll be reborn as of OZ or Peter and Wendy, which are not technically real 
a Hunter in the world of Broken Tales. fairytales. They are, however, stories that have entered the 

collective imagination in much the same way. In truth, 
Broken Tales draws from every source including fairytales, 
folklore, and classic stories, encompassing them all in the 
term “fairytale” for practicality.

69



BREAKING POINT
Analyzing an entire text can provide a lot of material, but it Step 2 – Tell the Hunter’s 
is a rather long process. For this reason, a valid alternative 
is to do some simple online research. The web is full of sites backstory and bring them to their 
that summarize and analyze classic stories, and Wikipedia Breaking Point
itself can be a good starting point.
Reading the story, we’ll underline or jot down interesting In this section, we need to describe how our villain is reborn 
words, phrases, or entire passages. These elements will in the world of Broken Tales, taking on a role and finding 
become Keywords. As explained in the rules section, their purpose within the Order. We will write a short story, 
Keywords will serve as a guide and inspiration in working trying to integrate all relevant Keywords. You don’t have 
out everything related to a Hunter. to use them verbatim: synonyms or phrases derived from 

Keywords will also work. 
Example: The Hunter we’re going to create is inspired by 
Captain Hook from the novel Peter and Wendy. This choice In this short backstory, we’ll focus on detailing these points:
will allow us to illustrate the complete creation process and ◆	 Who is the Hunter and what do they do in the Order?
at the same time show how easy it is to create an alternative ◆	 What role do they play and how do they live in Broken 
Hunter to the “canonical one” included in the ready-made Europe?
Hunters’ sheets (James the Swordsman, in this specific case). ◆	 What is the bond they maintain with their fairytale 

counterpart?
To streamline the process, we’ll use Wikipedia as inspiration. ◆	 What is their Breaking Point, or flipped details, 

from the classic fairytale that makes this Hunter 
After a careful reading of the page, these are the Keywords original?
that we marked:
Infamous / Bad gentleman / Loves music and poetry / To accomplish all that, we’ll flip one or more parts of the 
Challenges Peter Pan to a    final  duel. When beaten, Peter original story to separate the Hunter from their classic 
Pan, goaded by Hook himself, kicks the Captain off the ship identity as a villain. This inversion will serve to distinguish 
and right into the crocodile’s gaping mouth / Hook is not them from the original in their objectives or actions. 
his real name / Ruthless pirate captain, sometimes seems The best way to do this is to think about one of the most 
compassionate / It saddens him to know that the Lost Boys distinctive characteristics of the villain and make it a flaw (if 
hate him, even though he has earned their hatred / Hook it isn’t one already) or change its connotation completely...
is described as “cadaverous,” with blue eyes and long, dark 
curls of hair that look like “black candles” when viewed from Some examples:
a distance / Barrie later wrote of him: “In a word, the most ◆	 Garou the Old Wolf joined the Order so as to escape the 
handsome man I have ever seen, although, at the same time, many humans chasing him. The strong and overbearing 
slightly disgusting.” wolf of many fairytales undergoes the treatment he has 

always reserved for others.
◆	 Baba Yaga is a child witch and no longer the classic old 

70



BREAKING POINT
hag that everyone fears. Trapped in the body of a little For this story we used these keywords:
girl, no one really takes her seriously. She’s relegated to a ◆	 Fearsome Smuggler (Infamous). 
secondary role when all she would like to be is respected ◆	 A Strange Boy / Terrible Sea Monster / I Fought until 
and feared. At least, until she shows off her power. the end (He challenges Peter Pan to a final duel. When 

◆	 James the Swordsman is a gentleman who fights with beaten, Peter Pan, goaded by Hook himself, kicks the 
honor and respect. He let his guard down against a Captain off the ship and right into the crocodile’s gaping 
mysterious boy and lost a hand for it. He suffered the mouth.)
archetypical low blow that the original Captain Hook ◆	 Trustworthy crew / Pirate / On my ship (Ruthless pirate 
inflicted on his enemies. As a man of honor, James would captain, sometimes seems compassionate).
never dare to do such a thing. ◆	 My body has started a slow process of decay (Hook is 

◆	 The Astonishing Pied Piper Without A Name lives only described as “cadaverous,” with blue eyes and long, dark 
for music and has committed various crimes in its name. curls of hair that look like “black candles” when viewed 
Money and punishing others are things that don’t interest from a distance).
him.

Hook’s Breaking Point is that he has lost his great challenge 

Example: and with it his obsession with defeating Peter Pan. Now 
Let’s tell the story and take Captain Hook to his he is a walking corpse, but he would like to continue to be 

Breaking Point. considered the infamous gentleman he always was.

I am a fearsome smuggler and the sea has always been my 
home. With my trusty crew, I have traveled along the English Step 3 – Detail the Hunter 
coasts transporting all kinds of merchandise. We were 
outlaws in the eyes of fools frightened of the word pirate. Descriptors
During one of my raids, I rescued a strange boy from the sea. 
Despite my instincts telling me otherwise, I decided to bring In this step, we will define the three Hunter’s Descriptors. 
him on board. Never was a choice regretted more. A curse Descriptors must cover:
hung over the young man: the sky darkened and a terrible sea ◆	 Who is the Hunter and what do they do in Broken 
monster struck my ship. I fought until the end when its giant Europe or at the service of the Order?
jaws closed over me. I survived, or at least my body survived. ◆	 What is the Hunter’s most distinctive asset/feature?
My heart stopped beating and with it, my body began the ◆	 What is the bond they maintained with their fairytale 
slow process of decay. counterpart?

Immortal but doomed to ruin, I entered the Order in the The simplest way to create a valid Descriptor is to start from 
hope of finding a remedy for the spell that afflicts me and one of the Keywords and use it as a guide for answering the 
which the mysterious boy passed on to me. questions given for each category, so as to set up an excellent 

starting point to inspire you. A Hunter’s Descriptor must 
have both a positive part (useful/signals a resource) and 

71



thinking too much about the practical applications in-
a negative part (the Downside) that will provide XP if game. The adventures faced by your Hunter will lead them, 
brought into play. In this first step, however, it is good to over time, to change and make their Descriptors more 
focus only on the first part of the Descriptor. Once you have relevant to the path they have taken.
defined all three Descriptors, it will be easier to analyze 
them and find good Downsides. Example: Descriptors of the revived Captain Hook.

A Descriptor must be written in the first person, The first Descriptor describes who the Hunter is, what role 

in the Hunter’s own words. they play in the Order, and, in general, what do they do in 
the world of Broken Tales.

◆	 I am a fearsome and merciless ship captain and with 
To keep the Descriptors consistent, start with one of the my crew of criminals and smugglers I have carried out a 
following active phrases: I know/I have something, I use thousand raids. I’m always afraid of a mutiny and that’s 
something, I get something, I own something, I am something, why I don’t trust others.
I want/I will be something.

This Descriptor highlights that Hook is a skilled ship 
Descriptors have several functions in the game: captain and that his crew is a useful and active resource. 

◆	 They outline the background, behavior, and Unfortunately, Hook does not trust anyone and his paranoia 
appearance of a Hunter, helping the Player to focus will surely lead him to hesitate at a critical moment.
their interpretation. 

◆	 They can be invoked while narrating a Position or The second Descriptor details one or more resources, 
Defense Check to get 3 Base Successes instead of just 1. characteristics, or special abilities that define what the 

◆	 At the end of each Scene, if a Descriptor has caused Hunter can do.
the Hunter troubles, it can be checked off and then ◆	 Leadership requires decisiveness and charisma, traits I 
converted into 1 XP during the next Interlude. possess in spades, which is also why I win every duel. 

◆	 They help the Storyteller and the Players understand But I am a gentleman and I often spare my opponent to 
the Hunter’s skills and what they are capable of prove my superiority.
doing. Descriptors are the basis from which to This Descriptor represents Hook’s abilities as a duelist 
determine if a Position Check is necessary, what results and commander, especially when it comes to a challenge. 
can be obtained, and what information the Hunter has However, our captain will let his guard down if a challenge 
about a menace they are facing. is going his way...

In a Campaign, during an Interlude at the end of each 
Scenario, it will be possible to change or evolve a Hunter’s 
Descriptor according to what happened at the table. The 
creation of the Descriptors is a very important step, but 
don’t stress about it. As a Player, focus on what you like and 
consider consistent with the story of your Hunter, without 

72



The third Descriptor will be linked to the Hunter’s Dark 
Ego, detailing the most powerful Gift.

◆	 I have an immortal, albeit repulsive, body. My corpse-
like appearance inspires fear in my opponents. Despite 
it, I love elegant clothes and comfortable, refined places.

This Descriptor portrays Hook as undead, able to continue 
even after suffering the worst injuries. His corpse-like 
appearance scares mor GCr

tals, i
ma fe

kin ta
g h sting 

im even more 
fearsome. Unfortunately, Hook can no more escape Gifts are unique abilities t
h h

i a
s t 

f m
or a

m k
e e
r  
 th

li e
fe  

 H
t u
h n

a t
n e

 r 
h s

e p
 e

c c
o ia

u l
l  
d surrender its pleasures. compared to ordinary hum

W a
e n
 s
c .
a  

n O
’t n

 w  a
a  

i m
t t e

o c
 h
s a
e n
e ic

h a
im l l

 e
i v
n e

 l
a , 

ction at some party, as he Gifts are the Player’s way o
a f 

w d
k e
w fin

a i
r n
d g

ly  
 th

t e
ri  

e H
s un

to t
 er

p ’s
a  

s p
s o
 w

fo e
r r
 s 

a distinguished nobleman! and abilities, which can significantly impact the narrative. 

Gifts are divided in
N to

o  
r tw

m o
a  c

l a
 t
G eg

if o
t r
s i

: es:
 The first two Gifts of each Hunter. They 

are generally composed of 2 Archetypal Effects and 1 
Archetypal Cost.
Dark Ego Gift: The third and most powerful Gift of any 
Hunter. It can contain any number of Archetypal Effects, 
but always requires the Archetypal Cost Activator, a 
Descriptor that describes what the Hunter must do or what 
has to happen for the Gift’s power to trigger. Alternatively, 
the Dark Ego Gift can be activated when taking a Wound, 
even a self-inflicted one, to represent the effort necessary to 
unleash its power.

Describing what the Gift does in the story
The first step in creating a Gift is to describe what happens 
in the Scene when the Hunter uses it. Based on the linked 
Descriptor, the Keywords and what we would like the 
Hunter to do, we need to explain what the Gift does in 
order to have a foundation from which to process all 
mechanical effects. 

73



ARCHETYPAL EFFECTS
These are the options at our disposal to find a base Gift to Example: All ready-made Hunters’ Gifts are created on this 
build upon: principle.

◆	 Find a relevant Gift from a Hunter sheet. All 
ready-made Hunters are built to bring a specific The Descriptor says: I am a sorceress and my magical powers 
characterization into play. For this reason, they are allow me to do whatever I want. I need the right amount of 
often the best starting point for a custom Gift. time to cast my spells. Hence, we decide that Baba Yaga can 

◆	 Find a relevant Gift from one of the Order’s literally get what she wants with magic, but each spell must 
Treasures (read more abouth them in The Broken have its own magic formula and a physical object to use as a 
Ones expansion). Like those of the Hunters, they are focus. The Archetypal Effect is Manipulating Reality and as 
designed to represent iconic powers and abilities. we have formulated it, Baba Yaga can literally do anything 

◆	 Add 2 Archetypal Effects and 1 Archetypal Cost she wants. From the description, it is clear that the use of an 
together (presented later in the chapter). Each Effect object can be associated with the Archetypal Cost Sacrifice, 
grants a special rule that can be readjusted to the to which we add Soma Expenditure to limit the power of the 
Hunter’s backstory. Witch.

The number of Archetypal Effects is not limited in the case The Gift becomes, therefore: When you want to achieve 
of the Dark Ego Gift, and the Activator is extrapolated as a something, you may use witchcraft. Choose what you want 
Descriptor from the Gift’s effects. with a sentence like: I want to fly on that old broom or I 

want to look like a demon in the eyes of those fools. Your 
It is essential to describe what the Gift does in the story spell must be focused on an object in your possession, such as 
before settling on what it will do at the rules level. By a broom to fly or a mask you can wear to look like a demon. 
visualizing what happens when a Hunter uses their Gift, it Pay a cost from 0 to 2 Soma, decided by the Storyteller, to 
will be very easy to sift through similar Gifts from other activate your spell for the duration of a Scene. Remember 
Hunters, Archetypal Effects, and Costs to make the right that you can’t ask for someone’s sudden death, but you can 
choices. inflict Wounds with your actions through magic.

					   
In the case of Babai the Judge, we imagined the Hunter with 
a large, dark body that blends into the surrounding shadows. 
Babai can scare anyone and only the bravest can hold his 
searching gaze. His Gift has become: You are like a sinuous 
shadow that can reach anywhere. During a Scene, you can 
arrive at a location by covering any distance and overcoming 
any obstacle if one of your allies or an NPC calls your name. 
When you manifest your true nature, everyone who witnesses 
it will be frightened and will not act against you unless you 
threaten them first. The Storyteller may ask you for a Position 
Check to frighten particularly powerful characters. Receive 1 

74



ARCHETYPAL EFFECTS
Additional Success on all Defense Checks you make against the 
actions of someone who is now fearful.
Because this is Babai’s Dark Ego Gift, we can use as many Archetypal Effects
Archetypal Effects as we want. In his case, they are: Freedom of 
Movement to move in the shadows, Manipulate NPCs for the 

Archetypal Effects are mechanical bonuses representing what 
fear Effect, and 1 Additional Success to strengthen the potency 
of the Gift, as we have specifically said that only the bravest happens when the Gift is brought into the game.

dare to threaten Babai.
In some Gifts, two or more Archetypal Effects are added 

Keep in mind the fundamental rule for creating together to achieve the intended narrative outcome. The 

a Gift: most iconic example is magic, with which a Hunter can 
 the narrative coherence of the Gift’s effect is more Manipulate Reality, Inflict Wounds, and Create Descriptors. 

important than how strong the Gift is. Don’t concern yourself As already mentioned, the priority is always to create a Gift 
with Gifts that are too strong or too weak, but rather focus related to the Hunter’s backstory, limiting any potential 
on Gifts that are consistent with the narrative characteristics power by adding Archetypal Costs to either the same Gift or 
of the Hunter, making sure that they add something to their to the Hunter’s other Gifts. Baba Yaga, the Child Witch is a 
story. great example of how to tie together three Gifts to make her 

Magic Gift very powerful.
After playing for a while, it’s always possible to modify the 
Gift, or adjust the total Soma pool available to a Hunter, to 
calibrate the availability of a Gift that either is too strong or 1 Additional Success
rarely used. It might take a few Sessions of experimentation, Effect: +1 Additional Success to the Hunter Checks in a 
but each Player must be aware that arriving at the ideal particular situation.
version of the Gift may take time and the Storyteller may have 
to evaluate what happens in the game. If a Gift makes sense Keywords: expert / advantage / focused skill / above average.
with 3 Archetypal Effects instead of 2, no problem: just add 1 Tips: This is the standard Effect to complete a Gift in 
Archetypal Cost or subtract 1 from the Hunter’s Soma value. the absence of other ideas, or to emphasize a particular 
If the choice of the Archetypal Effect is based on narrative specialization of the Hunter. It is very easy to connect 
coherence and not on the quest for powerful combinations, 1 Additional Success to a potential action generated by 
your games will improve. the other Archetypal Effect of the Gift, and this is a great 

reinforcement to characterize what the Gift does.
All the Gifts of ready-made Hunters are created on these 
principles and are great study material for understanding the 
creation process, as well as reasons for making exceptions 
and minor deviations from the standard rules.

75



2 Additional Successes of the Gift involves multiple actions such as hitting and 
running, this Effect is best suited to add an extra maneuver. 

Effect: +2 Additional Successes to the Hunter Checks in a Having additional actions is an Effect that ties in with Costs 
particular situation. requiring the investment of something: Soma, Wounds, or 

Keywords: Increments are great ways to represent the effort required.
 master / best / lifelong experience / Unparalleled.

Tips: This Effect is great for highlighting an area where the 
Hunter excels more than anyone else. The advantage of 2 Advantage Token
Additional Successes is palpable. For this reason, it is best 
to tie this Gift to Costs that limit its use to very specific Effect: The use of the Gift grants the Hunter 1 or more 
narrative situations. Another recommended Cost is Check named Tokens linked to the Gift itself. The Hunter can then 
Limit, binding the Gift to Position Checks or Defense spend these Tokens to create another bonus Archetypal 
Checks. Effect.

Keywords: strategy / power charge / accumulation / 

3 Additional Successes combination.

Effect: Grants +3 Additional Successes to a single Hunter’s Tips: This Effect represents a mix of various powers that 
Check. need to be themed on the Hunter’s abilities. It is a great 

Effect for creating combinations, where the Hunter does 
Keywords: master stroke / unleashing power / superiority something in the fiction to accumulate Tokens that will be 
/ targeted action. useful in the future.

Tips: This Effect is great for a one-time power burst and 
sets up an action that the Hunter will rarely fail. This Effect Allies
is indicated for Gifts that generate fiction in which the 
Hunter is confident when displaying their skill. Effect: One or more NPCs are in the Hunter’s service. Each 

has a distinctive Descriptor and will do their best to help 
the Hunter. The Hunter can also sacrifice or use an ally to 

Additional Action obtain additional effects.

Effect: The Hunter has the possibility to act 2 times Keywords: animal companion / followers / minions / gang.
consecutively in an Exchange, to act 1 extra time during an 
Exchange, or to perform secondary actions. Tips: This Effect encompasses all of the Hunter’s possible 

connections to other NPCs traveling alongside them. 
Keywords: rush / quick / support / hit and run. Followers, trusted animals, or silent guardians are all 

Tips: grouped under this Effect. When creating a Gift with this 
 This Effect is used to create moments where the Effect it is good to think about what the Hunter can do if 

Hunter moves to a better position after acting or is able to their Allies are eliminated or put out of action so that the 
perform multiple actions at the same time. If the description 

76



Gift doesn’t become useless during a Scenario. A great 
additional Effect can be the ability to suffer a Wound in 
place of the Hunter. Dampen

Effect: For one action, the Hunter is able to prevent an 

Automatic Successful Outcome enemy from using a Gift, or lower their Opposition Level 
by 1 or more.

Effect: A single Check performed by the Hunter is Keywords: exterminator / specialized against a threat / 
automatically a Successful Outcome, with the player hatred / revenge.
selecting one of the three types. Alternatively, a Failed 
Check can turn into a Successful Outcome. Tips: This Effect allows the Hunter to make enemies less 

Keywords: powerful and must be linked to some knowledge or to an 
 determination / flipping the situation / emotion that, in the fiction, makes them fundamentally 

infallible / aiming at the goal. opposed to that specific threat. 
Tips: This Effect can be very powerful and must therefore 
be linked to one or more Costs limiting its use, such as a 
time limit or a very specific Narrative Limit. In general, Disguise
it is not very exciting if the Hunter always succeeds at Effect: During the course of a Scene the Hunter can 
the right time through the use of the Gift. It’s more fun appear different from what they really are, or make sure 
if a specific situation such as anger or pride leads them to that they are not noticed by others when entering or 
excel at any cost, thus affecting their behavior in the story. exiting the Scene. No one can prevent them from doing so. 

Create a Descriptor Keywords: underestimating / shadow / masquerading / 
disguising.

Effect: The Hunter can create a Descriptor that allows Tips: This Effect is useful if the Hunter needs a free hand 
them to power up or extend their abilities. The Descriptor without attracting attention. At the same time, it can also 
affects the Hunter, modifying their abilities. represent individuals who enjoy behavioral freedom on a 

Keywords: social level. A good Cost related to this Effect is Reaction 
 impose / manipulate / manage / create. to an Event, as it allows you to set a condition (such as a 

Tips: This Effect is one of the most versatile and can be certain behavior or the activation of other Gifts) to reveal 
used in any Gift where the Hunter creates something to the Hunter’s deception.
use to their advantage. Magic is the most obvious example, 
but the ability to adapt to the situation or have many 
resources at your disposal are also excellent examples. 
Create a Descriptor can be too versatile of an Effect, so it’s 
recommended to tie it strongly to a theme that highlights 
the background and characteristics of the Hunter.

77



Freedom of Movement possibility of inflicting additional Wounds with a dedicated 
Cost, such as requiring an Outcome with Increment or, 

Effect: Allows the Hunter to move freely, ignoring even better, imposing a Narrative Limit. The Gift’s Effect 
environmental and enemy restrictions, such as a Defense can also indicate a power that the Hunter manifests and 
Check to avoid interference. that inflicts 1 Wound on potential targets, independently 

Keywords: from the Hunter’s action.
 escape routes / disappear / appear / hunt.

Tips: This Effect can allow the Hunter to move or follow a 
target without performing Defense Checks. It is optimal for Interruption
elusive characters or as an additional Effect of an Outcome Effect: This allows you to interrupt an opponent’s action to 
with an Increment. activate a special effect or act before them.

Keywords: lightning-fast / feint / foreshadowing / 
Get XP bodyguard.

Effect: The Hunter receives 1 or 2 XP for achieving a Tips: This Effect allows the Hunter to act outside of his 
particular type of action related to their story and personal turn in an Exchange and to interrupt what is happening in 
goals. In general terms, performing this action gives inner the story. It is a good way to highlight a Hunter’s predictive 
strength to the Hunter. and threat-management skills, allowing them to stand 

Keywords: between the danger and another subject or to activate an 
 reward / goal / improve / willpower. Effect that is triggered in relation to a specific event. 

Tips: This Effect is perfect as a complement to some Gifts 
as it does not provide a direct bonus that can throw the 
story out of balance, instead offering a long-term benefit Manipulate NPCs
for the Hunter. However, it is good to keep the story of the Effect: The Hunter can impose conditions and behaviors 
Hunter in mind and consider the motives that drive them on the NPCs they interact with. By default, the Effect is 
to improve or to learn from mistakes. automatic on Minor NPCs and may require a Position 

Check for Major NPCs and Dark Presences.

Inflicting a Wound Keywords: charm / fear / charisma / trust.

Effect: This allows you to inflict 1 additional Wound on a Tips: This Effect represents a Hunter’s innate charm or 
target or inflict 1 Wound by simply activating the Gift. social skills. As it can be very useful in social contexts, it is 

Keywords: good to limit the Effect with Costs that mark its use as Once 
 mighty / anger / targeted / specialized. per Scene or take into account that the Hunter will activate 

Tips: This Effect is great for giving the Hunter offensive it whenever they can.
power and making them feel more dangerous. Given the 
small pool and their importance, it is good to limit the 

78

ARCHETYPAL EFFECTS



Manipulating Reality Multiple Targets
Effect: The Hunter can decide on an Effect and make it Effect: Using the Gift allows the Hunter to hit more 
real. The Effect can vary based on context and encompass than one target. However, a different Position Check for 
several other Archetypal Effects, such as Reshaping the each target is required. Alternatively, the Hunter can 
Environment or Inflicting a Wound. It is usually good to automatically eliminate an NPC with a single Wound 
specify what can be done and what falls within the limits without going through a Check.
of the Gift, such as affecting or not affecting living beings.

Keywords: Keywords: bloodlust / impetuousness / alone against all / 
 magic / arcane power / supernatural item / aimed shot.

supernatural. 

Tips: Tips: This Effect makes the Hunter more fearsome against 
 Like Create a Descriptor, this Effect allows the multiple opponents. The most suitable Cost is Increment 

Hunter to apply the Gift directly to the narrative without Expenditure, so that using the Effect is not tied down by 
going through a Position Check. It is advisable to tie this more dire Costs, but is still linked to the success of a Check. 
Effect to Costs that require the investment of resources, Against minor enemies with a single Wound, consider 
such as Soma or Wounds. using this Effect as a secondary bonus to another action. 

Multiple Benefits Obtaining Information
Effect: A list of minor advantages (from 2 to 4 Effects) that Effect: Provides useful information to the Hunter on 
the Hunter can use independently or all at once. Advantages one or more specific topics. The Hunter gets information 
can be inspired by all the other Archetypal Effects. The use useful in the continuing Scenario or suggestions from the 
of each must be tied to a specific action. Storyteller on a possible choice to make.

Keywords: resources / versatile / variety / multifunction. Keywords: wisdom / intuition / clairvoyance / travel.

Tips: This Effect is especially good for Gifts that do many Tips: This Effect is a great complement to a Gift and grants a 
different things. In this way, it is possible to wrap different subtle advantage that can be used to mechanically represent 
abilities within the same Gift. It is important that all of the a Hunter’s skills or expertise. An easy way to add to the 
Gift’s options are consistent with its description. fiction is to link the type of information obtained to talents 

and knowledge indicated by the Hunter’s Descriptors.

ARCHETYPAL EFFECTS 79



Recover Soma Replication
Effect: The Hunter can recover 1 Soma by achieving Effect: The Hunter can copy a Gift or Descriptor they have 
a particular goal, such as demonstrating something or seen in action. Alternatively, they can have access to several 
making progress towards a personal quest. In general terms, Gifts for a limited time.
performing this action gives the Hunter inner strength.

Keywords: Keywords: adaptation / ace up your sleeve / replicate / 
 determination / milestone / inner strength / imitate.

goal.

Tips: Tips: This Effect is highly versatile. For this reason, it 
 Thanks to this effect, the Hunter can replenish their must be limited in its use with relevant costs, such as Soma 

Soma reserve as a result of certain actions. To prevent Expenditure or Once per Scene. It can be a good idea to 
abuse of this Effect, the specific actions required should be limit the Gifts a Hunter can replicate to those which are 
somehow intimately linked to the Hunter’s background. Be consistent with their Descriptors.
careful not to create a loop with Soma Expenditure, which 
is an unpleasant situation where a Hunter spends 1 Soma 
and then immediately recovers it. Reshaping the Environment
Recover Wounds Effect: The Hunter can impose conditions and changes 

Effect: to their environment, creating a dedicated Descriptor. 
 The Hunter can recover, or help someone recover, Normally the Effect lasts a Scene, but it can also be 

1 or more Wounds over the course of the Scene. This effect permanent. It isn’t possible to directly harm someone 
can also represent a regeneration power or immortality. by Reshaping the Environment. The Storyteller can rule 

Keywords: that someone is at risk of injury if it makes sense in the 
 healing / regeneration / taking a breath / circumstances. However, in that case the Storyteller may 

endurance. request a Position Check from the Hunter using this Gift.
Tips: Thanks to this Effect, the Hunter can heal themselves Keywords: nature / light / dark / passage.
or others. It is good to limit the use of this Effect so as not 
to make Wounds management during a Scene superfluous. Tips: The significant difference from the Create a 
On the other hand, if the idea is to reproduce a regeneration Descriptor Effect is that this Gift does not act on the Hunter 
power, the recovery can be faster and free of additional but on the surrounding environment. It can still be a good 
costs. idea to link related Descriptors to the narrative theme of 

the Gift, such as manipulating nature, a specific element, or 
other themes suggested by your Hunter’s concept. 

80



Resources
Effect: The Hunter has or can easily procure whatever Archetypal Costs
resources are needed. This includes special items that can 
grant 1 Additional Success. Archetypal Costs represent a series of limits to prevent a Gift 

Keywords: from being used excessively during the game. Thanks to the 
 wealth / travel bag / contacts / organized. Archetypal Cost, the use of a Gift will be more focused and 

Tips: distinctive, and its use more consistent with the Hunter’s 
 As with the Allies Effect, you may want to consider backstory. The Dark Ego Gift must always have Activator 

where the Hunter draws their resources from and what they as Archetypal Cost. This Cost compensates for the fact 
can do to recover access to them if the narrative separates that the Gift can contain more than two Archetypal Effects 
them from the main source. without having to worry too much about balancing Costs.

Support Activator (Dark Ego Gift only)
Effect: Using this Gift allows the Hunter to grant 1 or more Effect: The activation of the Gift is dependent on the 
Additional Successes to an ally. If this is applied to an NPC, Descriptor, which acts as a trigger and represents the 
the Gift allows them to increase their Opposition Level. link between the Hunter now and what they were in their 
It is also possible to bestow other benefits such as Soma, fairytale of origin. Alternatively, the Hunter can suffer or 
Wounds, or temporary Descriptors. The Effect is active for self-inflict 1 Wound to activate the Gift.
the duration of a Check in the case of Additional Successes, 
or for a Scene in the case of Descriptors. The Storyteller can Keywords: Dark Ego / the original fairytale / true self / 
evaluate other cases. revealing what one really is.

Keywords: team play / advice / leader / strategist. Tips: The Activator must always be an action that connects 

Tips: a Hunter to their villainous forebears in their original 
 This Effect is a good way to empower Hunters related fairytale. To outline it, think about what the Hunter has to 

to teamwork or leadership. The Once per Scene limitation do in the narrative to highlight their connection with the 
is a good Cost here, so as not to make support for other fairytale character they were. When the Hunter activates 
Hunters a constant. their Dark Ego, what they used to be must unambiguously 

re-emerge in the fiction.

81



Check Limit Drawback Descriptor
Effect: The Gift can only be activated during a certain type Effect: Activating the Gift allows the Storyteller to create a 
of Check: either Position or Defense. related Descriptor that highlights a flaw or loss of control. 

Keywords: The Descriptor remains active throughout the Scene.
 specialty / perfect defense / perfect action / 

unrivaled. Keywords: loss of control / unexpected problem / attracting 

Tips: attention / flaw.
 This is a great way to limit Effects that grant 

Additional Successes or that, in general, can be used too Tips: This Cost is perfect for providing narrative hooks 
frequently. Linking a Gift to a type of Check is also a good that the Storyteller can exploit to take the story in new 
way to make it more distinctive, with a Position Check directions. The Hunter avoids immediate, direct costs in 
implying a more active role and Defense Check suggesting exchange for risking potential long-term complications.
a more passive one.

Checks Penalties Drawback Token
Effect: Effect: The use of the Gift grants the Storyteller 1 or more 

 After the activation of the Gift, the Hunter receives named Token linked to the Gift itself. The Storyteller spends 
1 or more Penalties for Position or Defense Checks, either the Tokens, later on, to represent a long-term cost to the 
for an action or the whole Scene. Hunter, creating a negative Descriptor, assigning 1 Penalty, 

Keywords: or other effects. As a minor Effect, this Cost allows you to 
 guard down / distraction / obsession / get rid of accumulated Drawback Tokens with a specific 

confusion. action during an Interlude. The action must be linked to 
Tips: This Cost, when applied to the whole Scene, is a the Hunter’s backstory.
serious problem and can be a good way to balance a Gift Keywords: ignore the consequences / insanity / 
that is otherwise too strong. Conversely, a Penalty applied unpredictable / promise.
to the following action allows you to balance a Gift with a 
small disadvantage. It is easy to justify the Penalty in the Tips: This Cost represents a mix between spending 
fiction by tying it to the Hunter’s emotional state, such as resources and creating long-term consequences in the 
being in a frenzy or confused by what happens after using Scenario. The Hunter gets an immediate advantage, with 
the Gift. the Storyteller promising to make them pay for it at a 

later time. It’s an excellent Cost when representing special 
powers that aren’t fully under the Hunter’s control.

82

ARCHETYPAL COSTS



Increment Expenditure the box, like resurrecting or forever changing the mind of 
a minor NPC, the limit of Once per Scenario is optimal to 

Effect: The Gift can be activated as an Increment. give the right emphasis to the Gift and make it a real twist. 

Keywords: This Cost strongly limits the use of the Gift, so consider 
 mastery / superiority / show / combination. applying it only to one of the Archetypal Effects. In this way, 

Tips: This Cost is particularly suitable for Gifts related to a very powerful Effect can be contained without completely 
combat or fast actions. The frequency of use depends on impeding the Gift’s usage.
the number of Checks made by the Hunter. 

Narrative Limit Once per Scene
Effect: The Gift can only be activated when a specific Effect: The Gift can be used once per Scene.
condition manifests in the narrative, such as during a one- Keywords: distinctive action / moment under the spotlight 
on-one challenge or in the presence of a specific object. / marked / regular cost.
Alternatively, the Gift has the obligation to introduce a 
specific Descriptor representing the limit of what the Gift Tips: This is by far the most versatile Cost. During each 
can do. Scene it creates a moment in the spotlight for the Hunter’s 

Keywords: Gift, preventing abuse. 
 basic rules / tools / situation / routine.

Tips: This is one of the most versatile and characteristic 
Costs because it allows you to limit the use of a Gift by tying Once until the Next Interlude
it to its narrative component. Narrative Limit is a great way Effect: After being used, the Gift recharges after an 
to push the narrative directly towards what you expect Interlude. 
your Hunter to do in play. In general, a good place to start 
is to analyze how the power of a Gift is activated. Often, Keywords: recharge / rest / preparation / limited.
you’ll notice that the Narrative Limit is already in the Gift’s Suggestions: This Cost strongly limits the use of the 
description. Gift and it may be best to apply this Cost to only one of 

the Archetypal Effects associated with a Gift. In this way, 

Once per Scenario a very powerful Effect can be limited without completely 
impeding the Gift’s usage. 

Effect: The Gift can be used once per Scenario.

Keywords: twist / changing the cards / great power / 
absolute protagonist of the moment.

Tips: This Cost should be reserved only for Gifts with a 
great impact on the narrative or which allow the Hunter to 
perform incredible actions. If the idea of the Gift is out of 

ARCHETYPAL COSTS 83



Random Effect Tips: This Cost is perfect for Gifts related to magic or that 

Effect: require a focus to manifest. The sacrifice may not always be 
 The activation of the Gift is linked to a die roll. easily within the Hunter’s grasp, or the Hunter may have to 

When the chosen numbers are rolled the Gift may not come up with imaginative ways to satisfy the requirement 
work at all, or does work but with a serious drawback, or for a focus.
something totally unexpected may happen. Alternatively, 
you can create a list of six random minor Effects that 
accompany the Gift’s use. Soma Expenditure
Keywords: random / malfunction / try your luck / bet. Effect: Using the Gift requires the investment of 1 or more 
Tips: This Cost can be a good substitute for set Costs such Soma points.
as Soma or Wounds, but should be used sparingly. Take into Keywords: energy expense / limited resources / commitment 
account that with Random Effect a Gift could, with certain / manifesting power.
rolls, always be activated for free or always have a Cost. In 
the long run, that might prove frustrating for the Hunter. Tips: This is the best Cost to limit Gifts that can be used 

multiple times over the course of a Scene. It leaves the 

Reaction to an Event Hunter free to decide when to use the Gift while imposing 
a hard limit.

Effect: The Gift automatically activates or stops when a 
specific event occurs. Wound Expenditure
Keywords: defense / reaction / contrast / preparation. Effect: Activating the Gift inflicts 1 or more Wounds to 
Tips: This Cost is great for encouraging the Hunter to the Hunter.
avoid certain actions with consequences that effectively put Keywords: effort / exposed / adrenaline / punishment.
an end to the Gift’s use. This is a Narrative Limit variant 
relying on external circumstances rather than the Player’s Tips: Paying 1 Wound is a very heavy Cost. For this reason, 
choice. it is suitable for Gifts that are extremely versatile or have a 

significant impact on the narrative. 

Sacrifice
Effect: Activating the Gift requires a special focus or the 
sacrifice of an expensive resource. Each time or just once, 
at the discretion of the Storyteller.

Keywords: essential components / ritual / pledge / specific 
equipment.

84



Give a distinctive name to be undead too. The first part of the Gift is therefore already 
perfect for our purpose. On the other hand, it isn’t consistent 

the Gift with Hook’s backstory that he has to “pay” for the services in 
some way. After all, they are gallows’ material! We replace the 
Archetypal Cost (Sacrifice, in the case of Regina) with Soma 

Even if it seems trivial, the name of a Gift reveals a lot about Expenditure. We’re also expanding the Archetypal Effect of 
the Hunter who uses it. I Will have my Satisfaction, James Allies, adding the ability for Hook to shield himself with his 
the Swordsman’s Gift, immediately clarifies the feeling of men. Since the Gift seems stronger than Regina’s, we add an 
revenge that moves him. If You Don’t Stop, I’ll Call the additional Archetypal Cost in the form of a Narrative Limit. 
Bogeyman! immediately makes us understand the true Hook’s followers are always undead, limited in their actions 
nature of Babai the Judge. Choosing a good name for a Gift by being corpses.
must not be underestimated.

Example: Summarizing, Hook’s Gift will be:
Hook’s Gifts The Captain: During the course of a Scene you can spend 

The first Gift highlights the fact that Hook isn’t the only 1 Soma to summon a couple of trusted sailors, who will 
survivor of the sea monster: his crew has returned from the emerge from the ground to help you. Create a Descriptor for 
dead with him to serve him. Hook can then call his men each, representing the skill for which you hold 
back to service at any time, resurrecting them from them in your service. Remember to use the 
the ground itself. word walking dead and that, as versatile as 

you wish them to be, they are still pirates. 
First of all, to build the Gift it’s a good idea to check Your subordinates will carry out your every 
for a similar one among the Hunters’ ready-made order, even the most dangerous ones. They’re 
ones. We find a suitable one on Regina the Thief of already dead, so things can’t get much worse. 
Hearts’ sheet. Once per Scene, when you suffer a Wound 

you can sacrifice one of your subordinates 
The Queen: During a Scene you always have a to suffer it in your place, leaving them in a 
couple of trusted servants with you, ready to execute thousand pieces.  
your every order. Create a Descriptor for each, 
which represents the skill for which you hold them The base for the second Gift will consist of the 
in your service. Your servants will do their best to Keywords skillful, duel, and win. Hook is a 
satisfy your every wish. Decide how you pay them. formidable opponent and his sword skills are 
The Storyteller, when and if they deem it necessary, unmatched. To make him properly heroic, 
will ask you to honor their services so as not to lose he’ll be one of the best swordsmen in the 
the use of this Gift for the rest of the Scene. You can world.
check this Descriptor multiple times to get XP.

The basis will be the Archetypal Effect 
Hook will have the crew around him and they will 1 Additional Success, renamed Win 

85



Every Challenge. As Archetypal Cost, we apply Narrative 
Limitation. As a second Effect we pick Additional Action, The first part of the Gift (related to moving in the shadows) 

but another relevant Effect is 3 Additional Successes. Being is not a good fit for Hook, while the part where he frightens 

3 Archetypal Effects, a good way to have them all is to balance everyone is exactly in theme with the Keyword awe-

them with 2 Costs represented by 2 extra Narrative Limits. inspiring. It will therefore suffice to simply use the Archetypal 
Effect Recover Wounds, linking it to the Keyword immortal.

The second Gift of Hook becomes:
Winning Every Challenge: When you fight, few opponents 
can stand up to you. Get 1 Additional Success when you The Dark Ego Gift will be:

perform a Check to attack or disable an opponent. Once per Dark Ego - I’m the Fearsome Captain Hook!

Scene, when you eliminate a Minor NPC with 1 Wound, you Your body is immortal and therefore you cannot be destroyed 

can immediately take another action. Once per Scene your by conventional means. Once per Scene, you can spend 1 

bonus increases to 3 Additional Successes, but you cannot Soma to immediately regenerate a Wound you have suffered. 

use this Gift against an enemy who has already suffered a You can move the severed parts of your body for a short 
period of time. When you manifest your true nature all the 

Wound.
witnesses will be frightened and will not act against you 

The third Gift is the Dark Ego one and, in this case, it is unless you threaten them first. The Storyteller may ask you for 

possible to combine multiple Archetypal Effects without a Position Check to scare off particularly powerful characters. 

limits. The important keywords are: immortal and awe- Receive 1 Additional Success on all Position Checks you make 
to interrogate or intimidate someone.

inspiring.

Again, a Gift we already worked out for a Hunter serves as Activator: Flaunt your cadaverous body and show everyone 

a great foundation: Babai the Judge already has a fear-based that you have conquered even death.

Gift.
Dark Ego - If You Don’t Stop I’ll Call the Bogeyman!
You are like a sinuous shadow that can reach anywhere. 
During a Scene, you can arrive at a location by covering 
any distance and overcoming any obstacle if one of your 
allies or an NPC calls your name. When you manifest your 
true nature, everyone who witnesses it will be frightened 
and will not act against you unless you threaten them first. 
The Storyteller may ask you for a Position Check to frighten 
particularly powerful characters. Receive 1 Additional 
Success on all Defense Checks you make against the actions 
of someone who is now fearful.

Activator: Enter or exit a shadow by manifesting your true 
nature and scaring someone.

86



Determine the reserve of Soma Detail the equipment
A Hunter’s Soma reserve starts at 6 points and can be All that remains to do is to detail the equipment and any 
reduced or increased in relation to the power of their Gifts. other possessions based on the Descriptors.

◆	 If a Gift has many Archetypal Effects, it has a strong 
influence on a Scene when it is activated, or can be used The story told so far and the Descriptors are the basis for 
with a very high frequency, you may want to consider defining the equipment of the Hunter.
reducing the Hunter’s Soma reserve by 1.

◆	 If a Gift is very situational, confers a very specific Even if the rules don’t focus on equipment as a game bonus, 
advantage, or is rarely used consider raising the this doesn’t mean that it’s not important to outline a Hunter’s 
Hunter’s reserve by 1. possessions, especially in order to describe something about 

them. Each Player must outline the Hunter’s possessions, 
During the course of the game, don’t hesitate to adjust the with the help of the following questions.
Soma supply if you find that a Gift is too strong and versatile ◆	 What did the Hunter do before joining the Order? Do 
or not strong enough. As mentioned earlier, you don’t have they have a home and allies to return to?
to categorically limit power, just make small corrections to ◆	 Does the Hunter bring with them a present from a 
make a Hunter as balanced as possible. You will realize that, loved one? Is it something they would never part with?
depending on your table’s style, the same Gift can have very ◆	 How does the Hunter deal with danger and combat? 
different applications in play! With what weapons and means?

◆	 What items and possessions are essential for the Hunter 
A combat-based Gift will be enormously useful if your to do what their Descriptors suggest?
playstyle points to very action-packed storytelling. On ◆	 Does the Hunter have something rare and unique or 
the other hand, if you love investigations and social of great value with them? What advantages does this 
confrontation, it could appear in the Scene with much less possession confer?
frequency. ◆	 Does the Hunter have an object, a coat of arms, or a 

symbol with them that gives them social importance?
Example: Hook’s Soma reserve. Finally, try to give the Hunter at least one item that is a 
Hook has three Gifts that, from a first evaluation, are within reference to their original fairytale.
the average. Winning Every Challenge has 3 Archetypal 
Effects but also 3 Archetypal Costs, and that should even 
out the score. As a result, it is optimal for Hook to start 
with a reserve of 6 Soma points. For comparison, James the 
Swordsman has the Gift Tick Tock, Here Comes the Beast, 
which is not fully under his control and can only be used in 
open spaces. Because of these limitations, we have estimated 
that its use is much more situational and therefore James’ 
Soma reserve is 7.

87



Example: ◆	 Why is it that the Descriptor is so important to the 
Hook’s equipment. Order? 

The old ship Jolly Roger /A crew ready to serve me / My ◆	 Is the Order aware of the Descriptor? 
trusted dueling blade / A tooth of the monster that devoured ◆	 How does the Hunter keep the Descriptor hidden from 
me / Fine clothes for every occasion / A bag full of treasures the eyes of ordinary people? 
and riches of my raids /A book of poems. ◆	 Who allowed or taught the Hunter the power of the 

The Hunters’ creation: Descriptor? 
◆	 Why is the Descriptor so important to them?

wrapping it up Each takes turns describing the Hunter quickly and 
answering any doubts and questions. Having done this, the 

At this point, it is good to stop for a moment and describe Player expresses an idea linked to their Hunter’s role in the 
what has been created. Each Player must portray the Order and how they ended up in the service of the Papacy. 
character that has emerged from the Hunter’s Descriptors. This step is useful for creating Hunter-related situations 
The Storyteller, meanwhile, can compile information and NPCs.
relating to the Order and the world of Broken Europe, 
based on the same Descriptors. As in the creation of the Descriptors, in this phase, the 

Storyteller’s task is to connect to the players’ ideas and, 
For each Descriptor created, the Storyteller can ask one of above all, to ask questions to obtain useful elements for 
the following questions: the first Scenario and suitable material to outline Broken 

◆	 Where in the world is it characteristic to have this Europe.
Descriptor? 

◆	 Who created the equipment, technique, or ability The Players decide if the Hunters have already had the 
outlined in the Descriptor? opportunity to carry out missions together, or if the first 

◆	 Are the abilities of the Descriptor unique or do other Scenario is the first time they meet. In Broken Tales, the 
subjects possess them as well? Order glues the Hunters together and the quick setup of the 

game purposely avoids creating overly detailed backstories. 
During Interludes, there will be the chance to ask more 
questions about the other characters. This will allow Players 
to add details of the evolving stories of the Hunters’ time 
together. However, if the Players find it interesting, nothing 
prevents them from deepening their Hunter’s backstory at 
this juncture as well.

88



Scenarios
E story and create a “spoiler” that may not be appreciated. 

ach Scenario of Broken Tales is inspired by a However, it is advisable to share them with groups of players 
classic fairytale, “breaking” it into a new story of mystery you don’t know or when in doubt, as not doing so could 
and horror set in Broken Europe. Scenarios can be played make someone uncomfortable. The gaming table must be 
as single episodes, choosing a group of Hunters from the a safe and fun place for everyone to enjoy the experience. 
pre-generated selection, or can be included in a long-term Some Scenarios are more adventurous and fantastic than 
Campaign as explained on page 243. others and choosing them can be a good way to avoid 
When the Storyteller selects a Scenario, they must read potentially awkward situations. However, it is always good 
it from top to bottom in order to have a clear idea of the to highlight to all participants that Broken Tales is a game 
connections between the Main NPCs, their Agenda, and that uses (even extreme) horror as one of its foundational 
the Events that are presented. Broken Tales’ emerging characteristics, and this aspect must be understood and 
play style will make each story feel different, thanks to the accepted by everyone sitting at the table.
possible combinations of Scenarios and Hunters. When 
deciding which Scenario to suggest, the Storyteller must 
keep in mind the following considerations. Scene Tree
Safety Keywords In each Scenario, the information provided is limited 

to what the Storyteller really needs to manage the game 
without setting up a plot in which the choices of the Hunters 

Each Scenario presents a series of Keywords related to would have little weight. The Scene Tree, on the other 
sensitive topics that the plots will focus on. Depending on hand, offers a plot “to follow” and is an excellent system 
how well they know their fellow players, the Storyteller will for a group of newbies or to run a single Session. Even if 
thus be able to evaluate whether to list the Keywords to the Storyteller is not planning on using the Scene Tree, the 
the Players before starting to play, or possibly just mention information provided there makes for useful additions and 
the themes that could come up. Knowing the Keywords can help bring focus to various parts of the story such as 
can suggest to the players what can happen during the places and characters. The Scene Tree can therefore also be 

89

SCENARIOS



used as inspiration to support what the Storyteller will have 
to establish on the fly during the Session in response to the 
choices of the Hunters.

Choosing the Hunters
After reading the Scenario, the Storyteller could opt to 
exclude some Hunters from the roster if their Gifts would 
cause problems in a Scenario, even if Players are otherwise 
free to choose. To give an example, Bluebeard’s Gift, The 
Key to Every Door, allows you to read the memories of a 
corpse. This can make the Storyteller’s life difficult if the 
Scenario opens at the scene of the crime, with the dead 
person being immediately “interrogated” by Bluebeard 
thanks to his Gift.
Even if Broken Tales is based on the absolute choice of the 
Hunters, who hold the reins of the story, the game must also 
be fun and interesting for the Storyteller to run. Excluding 
a Hunter who would create difficulties because their Gifts 
would too easily overcome the challenges in the Scenario is 
absolutely an acceptable choice.

90



Scenario Creation
A Broken Tales Scenario is, at its core, a set of Step 1 – Choose a fairytale to break
information that the Storyteller prepares before the Game 
Session, including events, characters, and other details. Each Broken Tales Scenario is an investigation involving a 
A good Scenario introduces an interesting mystery for the group of Hunters. Although the inciting incident can vary 
Hunters to investigate, leaving a lot of room for the Players (the Hunters arrive at someone’s request, or they happen 
to “maneuver” between one Scene and the next. Although upon a mystery by chance or, again, they follow a lead from 
it is possible to improvise everything on the spot, we don’t a previous Scenario), the events will always be linked to a 
recommend it: you risk losing the plot thread and may end story that unfolds through locations and NPCs inspired by 
up with an incoherent and confusing Session. By nature, the fairytale we’ve chosen to break. 
Broken Tales references classic fairytales. Improvising a 
Scenario that draws from a fairytale while twisting it into To begin, the Storyteller will have to choose the underlying 
a Broken Tale is a tall order. Instead, the Storyteller should fairytale. As for the creation of the Hunters, in addition 
do some prep work before the game. to books, the web is full of sites and sources about classic 

fairytales. The basic assumption is that starting from a 
This book presents many ready-made Scenarios, inspired story, its broken version will be much darker, most likely 
by as many classic fairytales, which the Storyteller can use featuring elements of horror, and its protagonists will be 
to dramatically cut the preparation time. transfigured into something new. 

You might want, however, to break a fairytale not featured The Scenario itself doesn’t have to be the inverted version 
in this book or break one that we’ve covered, but put your of the original story. What matters is that its core elements 
own spin on it. This section is designed to explain in detail are present and used in original ways. A good idea for an 
the procedure to do so. interesting story to play is more important than consistently 

following the fairytale’s story. If you creatively use Keywords 
for inspiration, you’ll see situations and characters emerge 
organically, already linked to their counterparts in the 
original story.

91



We will use Red-Hood Iskra (inspired by Little Red Riding However, casting the original protagonist as the one who 
Hood) as an example Scenario. You’ll find the full version in pulls the strings can become boring fast. It will often be 
this book, on page 118. more interesting to assign this role to a secondary character 

from the original fairytale. Many players approach the 

Step 2 – Jot down the Keywords game taking for granted the classic twist of good people 
turning bad and will surely be surprised if the real enemy is 

Once the fairytale has been chosen, it’s time to read it again not who they expect.
with an eye for the elements that interest you. Keywords can 
be created by jotting down key phrases or concepts at the Every single character in the fairytale can be a good 
core of the fairytale. As mentioned, Keywords will inspire antagonist, provided they have the right motivations. 
the creation of elements that are effortlessly consistent with Considering that the “original villains” of a fairytale often 
the original story. become Hunters, it is not necessary to include them in the 

Scenario if an interesting role doesn’t naturally emerge in 

Example: the story. It is much more important to add depth to all the 
 The Keywords of Little Red Riding Hood. other characters.

Little house near the wood / Little girl / Mother / Sick 
Grandmother / Forest / The mother advises being careful If inspiration doesn’t strike, roll several times on the 
during the journey / Wolf in the woods / Deception / The Wolf following table, once for each column. The results will give 
presents himself deceitfully / Disguise / The Hunter notices you some hints regarding how to pick the right villain.
what has happened / Opening the Wolf ’s belly and filling it 
with stones / The Wolf decides to take a walk in the woods / 
The Wolf is breathless and dies.

Step 3 – Define the Opponents, the 
other Main NPCs, and their Agenda
Before writing a Scenario, it is good to define the “main 
actors” on the stage. First of all, choosing the main 
antagonist of the Scenario is crucial, since many of the 
challenges the Hunters will face center on their opponent.

In Broken Tales, parts are switched. 
The “bad guys” are now Hunters, while the “good ones” 
become the Broken Tales at the center of the Scenarios. 

92



Roll Who What do they 
want Why By what means

1 An ally of the protagonist. Redemption. To live a better life. Deception.

2 Someone the protagonist encounters during the 
story. Power. To stop suffering. Magic.

3 The protagonist of the story. Wealth. To receive recognition. Servants.

4 Someone connected to the story's protagonist. Expertise. To bask in success. Resources.

5 Someone the protagonist helps throughout the 
story. Revenge. To teach a lesson. Determination.

6 A neutral character who appears in the story. Control. To preserve themselves. Skill.

In the following paragraphs, we will show the step-by-step her trusted Servants. These followers are Vincent the Chief of 
process of creating the Scenario of Red-Hood Iskra as an the Guards (inspired by the Hunter in the original fairytale) 
example. Spoilers ahead: read only if you intend to play and little Anne.
the role of the Storyteller.

Example: Iskra’s main opponent. Each NPC in the Scenario must have an 
We immediately decided that the little protagonist of ambiguous role.
Little Red Riding Hood would not be the real “villain” of 
the Scenario. The following options remained among the 
Keywords: Mother, Sick Grandmother, and Hunter. While we are discussing villains and switching roles, note 

that it would be a mistake to think that all NPCs have to 
By opting for Mother (a very marginal character in the be evil. Frequently, an opponent with logical motivations 
original fairytale and therefore great for taking the Players off is more interesting and charismatic than those who are 
guard), we rolled on the table to determine her motivations, evil just for the fun of it. Make sure that different NPCs 
obtaining: 3 for What does she want, 1 for Why, and 3 for types are represented in the Scenario, ranging from those 
By what means. As a result, Little Red Riding Hood’s Mother with noble purposes to those who are driven only by their 
tried to get rid of her daughter in order to regain a comfortable own base instincts. The protagonist of the original fairytale 
life (Wealth and To live a better life) as the wife of a naive should have a prominent role in the plot, even if they’re 
noble. She also manipulates those around her with the help of not the main villain. They could be, for example, someone 

93



the real villain uses against the Hunters. In general, a good Example: Red-Hood Iskra’s other NPCs.
Scenario should contain at least three types of NPCs: In Red Hooded Iskra we have Vincent, Former Huntsman 

and Chief of Guards (inspired by the Hunter in Little Red 
◆	 NPC with an Agenda that is opposed to the Hunters’ Riding Hood) as an NPC opposed to the Hunters, Anastazia 

purpose: if not a direct follower of the main villain, the Sorrowful Spirit (inspired by Little Red Riding Hood’s 
they could be someone who takes advantage of the Grandmother) as an NPC ally, and Greskar the Big Black 
current situation or who generally does not appreciate Wolf (inspired by the Big Bad Wolf) as a neutral NPC. Iskra 
the Hunters’ presence. herself is an NPC with a neutral Agenda, since even if she 

◆	 NPC with an Agenda that supports the Hunters’ acts with the right motivations, she does it violently and 
purpose, or that simply has a good reason to be angry uncontrollably, which will ultimately lead to a confrontation 
with the main opponent. with the Hunters.

◆	 NPC with a non-aligned Agenda: they can be both an 
enemy or an ally, based on the choices that the Hunters For inspiration regarding an NPC’s Agenda, you can roll 
will make during the Scenario. multiple times on the following table.

Roll Acts like this because... Opposed Agenda Favorable Agenda Non-aligned Agenda
1 Unaware of what they are Hates the Order and the Would give their life for the 

doing. Hunters. one they love. Is looking for something.

2 Feels deep, ingrained Is the trusted right hand of 
hatred. an opponent. Wants truth to triumph. Wants to get rich.

3 Is driven by greed and a Takes advantage of the Wants to ingratiate Wants to replace the 
thirst for power. situation. themselves with the Order. antagonist.

4 Is seeking acceptance and 
understanding. Shares a dark secret. Owes someone. Defends a place or a person.

5 Is forced. Enjoys manipulating others. Seeks redemption. Wants to subvert a 
situation.

6 Is related to someone with a 
strong influence. Is deeply evil. Is pure of heart. Seeks revenge.

94



Step 4 – Give the Scenario a Step 5 – The story so far
backdrop Now that we have a starting point, some Main NPCs, and 

a location where the Scenario is set, it’s time to write what 
All the stories and events of Broken Tales are set in the late happened before the Hunters arrived. In this process, some 
1700s of an alternative Europe. More precisely, the year Keywords will have to be flipped, to create the Breaking 
1780 is used as a reference for events and places. This date Point of the Scenario.
is not binding and events may span a few decades forward 
or backward to include a place or a historical event useful In the following example, you will find the Keywords that 
to contextualize the Scenario. Doing a little research can we consider useful for the next Steps highlighted.
provide useful inspiration. The eighteenth-century is a 
period full of events and changes that complement the Example: Red-Hood Iskra’s background story.
rural and dark context of the Broken Tales. Elizaveta of Volhynia (the main antagonist, inspired 

Example: by Little Red Riding Hood’s mother) has always been an 
The setting of Red-Hood Iskra and the legend attractive woman, accustomed to the rich salons of the gentry, 

of Gévaudan. and the pomp of nobles and courtiers. Becoming pregnant 
For the Scenario of Red-Hood Iskra, the historical connection with Iskra, her eldest daughter, was a curse for her. 
is with the legend of the Gévaudan Beast, which in 1764 
terrorized many small villages in that wooded area of France. Abandoned by her wealthy lover, Elizaveta was impoverished 
This choice immediately provides a useful backdrop from for years, with few skills, little work, and only the help of her 
which to draw references for locations and NPC names. As old mother Anastazia (inspired by the sick Grandmother 
in the original legend, Iskra and her pack harass the village of Little Red Riding Hood). A chance encounter with 
of Durfort, where Elizaveta (Iskra’s mother) took refuge after Gerard Dubois (Minor NPC), who is ignorant of her past, 
abandoning her daughter in the woods at the mercy of wolves. has rekindled Elizaveta’s ambition for a life of comfort and 

decadence as the future wife of a nobleman. 

Elizaveta, determined not to miss such an opportunity, 
sent her daughter Iskra alone to visit her grandmother. 
Elizaveta knew that she was exposing her to the dangers 
of the dense forest of Białowieża, a place full of beasts and 
bandits, and deadly to the unwary. Ten-year-old Iskra trusted 
her mother and disappeared forever into the darkness of the 
forest. Anastazia had always treated Iskra with love and 
kindness and, overwhelmed by the grief of her granddaughter’s 
sad end, died soon after. Free and unattached, Elizaveta 
fled to Gévaudan with her new husband, unaware of her 

95



daughter’s real fate. In fact, Iskra did not die, but joined moment of happiness. Elizaveta, a cunning manipulator, 
Greskar’s wolf pack (inspired by Little Red Riding Hood’s got rid of the token and did not panic or lose her temper. After 
Wolf), becoming a wolf herself... convincing Gerard to turn to the Order, she will seek to move 

the pieces on the chessboard, using them to rid herself of 
her unwanted offspring once and for all...

Step 6 – The story when the 
Hunters arrive Step 7 – Define all the Scenario 

Parts
The background details of the story will lead to the 
intervention of the Hunters. The next step is to briefly Now that we have good foundations for the story and its 
describe the situation that will unfold from the first actual main actors, it’s time to define the “stage” for the Hunter’s 
game Scene. This is important to clarify the Storyteller’s investigation. This process is open-ended and does not 
ideas and to detail the Main NPCs’ Agenda. The NPCs’ follow a strict list of instructions. In brief, this phase consists 
Agendas are key to the Scenario, because they guide the of creating Places, Minor NPCs, and finally Events, which 
Storyteller’s decisions, particularly when deciding how are particularly useful in managing the Session. You’ll often 
NPCs react to the Hunters’ actions. go back and forth between all the various elements. This is 

perfectly normal. Indeed, it is much easier to create hooks 
As we compile the NPC statistics, this paragraph will help and connected situations as you add details to other things, 
us define the Agenda of each one of them. In the example rather than planning everything in advance.
below, we have highlighted the Keywords that will come in 
handy. When creating a Scenario, always keep in mind how much 

you want to plan and how much of the story you want to 
Example: The story when the Hunters arrive in Red- emerge from the Players’ choices. There are two main ways 
Hood Iskra. to play Broken Tales.
Iskra didn’t die in the forest of Białowieża. Instead, she faced 
every trial with a fierce tenacity and eventually prevailed, 
defeating Greskar. A huge, ferocious werewolf, Greskar 
infected Iskra with the wolf ’s curse. Becoming a member 
of the pack and the favorite of the alpha Greskar, Iskra set 
off for the Gévaudan, following the scent of her mother, 
determined to get her revenge. Thanks to the fury of the wolf 
pack, Iskra has thrown the city of Durfort into disarray. Now, 
she waits in the shadows for the right opportunity to enter 
the palace and devour her unworthy mother. Elizaveta has 
realized what is happening, for Iskra left a pendant she had 
once made for her on the windowsill, a memento of a rare 

96



Emerging story Defining Places
In this mode, Broken Tales’ Scenarios don’t have a Each Scenario should have at least five or six Places to set 
pre-built plotline, nor Scenes or situations that are a “stage” for the different Scenes. The best way to select 
mandatory steps for the Hunters (with the exception Places to prepare is to think about the context in which the 
of the First Scene). Writing the background, the Main NPCs move. It is essential to always have a village 
story when the Hunters arrive, detailing the NPCs’ or a city context to refer to. The Hunters may move their 
Agenda, and eventually adding Information to investigation into the wilderness, but having a place to 
Places, will create a network of intentions and return to is always useful in the course of a Scenario. One of 
situations that will put obstacles in the Hunters’ the key themes of the game is how the Broken Tales move 
way. A sandbox plot is key for a good game of at the edges of society. An urban environment is useful 
Broken Tales. The Hunters are individuals out of in creating social connections and providing “ordinary 
the ordinary and their Gifts can easily break Scenes people” who can experience the horror of the revealed 
that are overplanned. The Scenario must therefore Broken Tales.
provide the Storyteller with all the Events and 
Agendas necessary to allow the world to respond to Keywords for an urban area: A small village on the 
the Hunters’ actions. edge of the forest / A remote mountain community / A small 

seaport / A village along a major road / A remote military 
outpost.

You can get more granular for other types of Places, in 

Scene Tree order to have more control over the range of action that 
NPCs and Hunters will have in the Scenario.

If you and your table enjoy a more guided game, the Keywords for locations: The mansion of a wealthy 
last part of this chapter will cover how to create a family / An old abandoned tower / A natural cave complex / 
Scene Tree that gives you a more defined plotline A mine / A clearing in the woods with a strange magical aura 
to follow. If the storyline of the Scenario is heavily / A cemetery / A large stable / A farmhouse on the edge of the 
focused on investigation, a good option is to detail village / A secret tunnel / A small workshop / A deconsecrated 
all obtainable Information found in a Place and be church / A hunting lodge / A craftsman’s shop / A warm and 
very explicit about it while playing. The Storyteller welcoming tavern / The heart of a large forest / A small house 
will then have a series of narrative hooks useful to in the woods / A treehouse.
connect the situations emerging at the table.

97



Each Place must have a Descriptor that outlines its 4-5: A pack is at the glade: Greskar + 8 Black Wolves. 
characteristics. The Place may also feature one or more 
Threats 6: Iskra is at the glade, alone if it is daytime or with the pack 

and a List of Related Situations. (4-5 result, but without Greskar) if it is nighttime.

We have seen how to define Descriptors and Gifts. Now, 
let’s spend some words on the List of Related Situations, As a modifier: if it is night, add 2 to the roll.
which are a good method to give variety and depth to 
the Places of a Scenario. This list features elements that 
can enter the Scene randomly, giving the Storyteller new Minor NPCs
ideas to reinvigorate the plot when Players are stuck or 
undecided. Make a List of 3 or 6 items, then freely assign While Major NPCs emerged in the initial planning 
each to the results of a d6. phase, when detailing Places and Situations it is good to 

draw up some Minor NPCs connected in some way to 
Using the List is never mandatory, but can often be a the plot. Minor NPCs will often be ordinary humans, but 
valuable aid. The same result cannot be used more than nothing prevents you from using secondary characters 
once in the course of a Scenario to avoid repetitions. Lists from the original fairytale that have not found space yet. 
of Related Situations mainly serve two purposes: Each Minor NPC must be linked to a Main NPC or a 

specific storyline situation. They should be considered 
◆	 Manage encounters: if a Place is occupied, or an area as a narrative hook that will be useful to give depth to 

NPCs are likely to pass through, each option would what happens in the Scene. If you reach a dead end during 
determine who will be present when the Hunters the Session, introducing a Minor NPC will open up new 
arrive. avenues for the Hunters.

◆	 Bringing clues into play: if the location contains 
Information or areas to explore, a roll can determine Example: Red-Hood Iskra Minor NPCs.
what the Hunters discover when they arrive. There are seven Minor NPCs in the Scenario. Anne, the 

Little Chatterer (linked to Elizaveta) who acts as an eye on 
You can then consider +1 or -1 modifiers to make some the village for her mistress. Nicholas, the Hunter (related 
results more likely or link them to external elements, such to the wolves in the forest) who can lead the Hunters, as he 
as arrival during night or day. knows the forest. Geneviève, the Chemist (connected to 

Iskra’s Grandmother) who can communicate with spirits and 
Example: The Oaks Glade. contact Anastazia. Corinne, the Housekeeper (connected 
In Red-Hood Iskra, the Oaks Glade is an area Iskra’s pack to the village) who can provide information and rumors of 
may pass through. The List of Related Situations is: various kinds. Marcel, the Time-Waster (connected to Iskra) 
1-3: The glade is empty, but there are traces of wolves and who can make the Hunters aware of Iskra’s presence. Didier, 
the bones of devoured prey. After ten minutes, 8 Black the Grumpy Old Man (linked to Elizaveta) who can provide 
Wolves arrive and ambush the Hunters. information about Gerard’s new wife and her dubious past. 

98



Finally, we have Gerard Dubois (linked to Elizaveta), the or, alternatively, to give them time to prepare for an Event 
noble who requested the Hunter’s intervention and makes that they have intuited and for which they started investing 
decisions for the village, but who is easily manipulated. time and resources. 

Review the Agenda of the Example: The Events of Red-Hood Iskra.

Main NPCs There are six Events in the Scenario. Here are a couple of 
examples highlighting the Activation Keyword, with the 
linked Agenda in brackets.

Each Main NPC must have an Agenda which, in general, is 
defined at the beginning of the Scenario’s creation process. If a Hunter finds Iskra’s pendant in the well, Anastazia 
Now that the Scenario is almost complete, review all the will contact them, showing them a vision of Iskra as 
Agendas of the Main NPCs to ensure they fit with all the a child drinking at the Oaks Glade. The spirit of Iskra’s 
other elements. Minor NPCs may (but don’t have to) have grandmother, while unable to communicate directly, will try 
an Agenda. Often, defining everyone’s relationship with a to make the Hunters understand that Iskra is not a monster. 
Main NPC is enough to get started. (Agenda of Anastazia, Iskra’s Grandmother)

Events of the Scenario If Elizaveta goes out of town for any reason, Iskra will 
immediately smell her scent and rush to eliminate her 

At this point, it is a good idea to come up with a list of regardless of any risk. Confronted with her mother, the 
Events that “could happen” when a specific situation occurs. little girl will lose all restraint and refuse to listen to reason. 
Because Events are an extension of the NPCs’ Agendas, (Agenda of Iskra)
managing the plot’s progress will be much easier if you 
have a practical method of tracking when triggers occur, as 
well as their associated Events. As with Minor NPCs, each 
Event must be linked to one of the Main NPC’s Agenda, 
to represent the effects of the NPC’s will on the Scenario. 
Some Events may also be an inevitable occurrence (for 
example, the eruption of a volcano).

To create an Event, you need to write a short sentence 
containing an Activation Keyword, a trigger that will 
communicate when the Event will occur. As soon as 
this happens, the Storyteller can decide to bring the new 
situation into play, possibly taking everyone by surprise. In 
any case, it is good to leave clues along the course of the 
Scenes to make the Hunters understand what could happen 

99



Step 8 Information: The following information/clues can be 
– The First Scene obtained from the interview with Gerard.

◆	 The monsters that scourge the Gévaudan are ferocious 
Now that all the elements of the Scenario are defined, beasts, as can be seen from the state of the victims’ bodies.
all that remains to do is to detail the First Scene, which ◆	 The first two victims were Guy and Ivette, two young 
will introduce the situation to the Hunters and start the lovers who used to meet secretly in the old cemetery just 
investigation. As described in previous chapters, each outside the city. It is there that what remains of their 
Scene consists of 4 elements: a Place, a Time, an Initial bodies are buried.
Situation, and Information. Make sure to draw up a list of ◆	 It is strictly forbidden to leave the city after sunset. The 
Information, which will be the basis for the Hunters’ choices fall of night now brings with it the mournful song of 
in the following Scenes. Opening an investigation without howling wolves.
useful elements to start from would make little sense. 

Example: The First Scene of Red-Hood Iskra. Step 9 – Scene Tree
The Scenario begins with the Hunters being invited for dinner 
by a tense Gerard Dubois, who can’t wait to put an end to the The rules presented so far are optimal for the management 
beasts that plague the Gévaudan. of a game with an emerging narrative. If you intend to 

create a 100% complete Scenario, even if only to make it 
Place: The ceremonial hall of the Dubois family’s grand available to the Broken Tales’ community, it’s good to also 
palace. A richly furnished room with an enormous painting detail a Scene Tree. This mode of play is not designed to 
of Patrick Dubois, Gerard’s late father. Stern and sullen- cover every possible choice the Hunters might make, but 
looking, Patrick seems to judge his son’s incompetence from provide Storytellers and novice players with a familiar way 
beyond the grave with ill-concealed contempt. to play. The use of Information at the beginning and end 
  of each Scene will therefore be more explicit, so that the 
Time: The sun set more than two hours ago and after a long Storyteller can present the choices available to the Hunters, 
journey, it is now dinnertime. and will keep them on the “line” drawn by the Scene Tree. 

It’s inevitable that the Hunters’ actions will stray from what 
Initial Situation: Gerard is anxious for the Hunters to get the Scene Tree has foreseen. However, for the most part, 
to work. Elizaveta studies the situation in silence, trying this mode will make it easier for the Storyteller to keep 
to figure out how she can turn the Hunters’ arrival to her hold of the reins of the story. Playing in this way requires a 
advantage, using them as tools for her own purposes. Choose conscious agreement between Storyteller and Players that 
one of the villagers to be her dinner guest, or create one of the goal is experiencing a good story together, following the 
your own. Vincent, her trusted head of the guards, will also flow of clues presented in each Scene.
be present, of course.

100



A Scene Tree consists of a series of Scenes linked Time: It is early morning, the sun is high on a clear winter sky.

according to this basic structure: Information: In the cemetery, there are many wolf tracks. 
The First Scene leads to the Second Scene, then there is a In the middle of them are the prints of two small bare feet, 
choice between two options for the Third Scene, Option almost certainly a little girl. At the bottom of the old well 
A and Option B. The Fourth Scene leads to a Fifth Scene can be found the pendant that Elizaveta tried to make 
and then there will be either a new fork or the Epilogue, disappear. The wolves’ tracks lead deep into the forest, to 
depending on the Scenario’s duration. Five Scenes with their den. Anastazia will contact the Hunter who recovered 
a fork in the middle are optimal for playing a one-shot the pendant, sending them a vision of Elizaveta trying in vain 
Session of about three hours. Additional forks and Scenes to wash her bloodstained hands.
will increase playtime by approximately thirty minutes per 
addition. End of Scene: Hunters can decide whether to return to the 
The First Scene must be structured exactly as we’ve already town to report (THIRD SCENE OPTION A), or follow 
described, but with the addition of a new item: End of the trail to the wolves’ lair (THIRD SCENE OPTION B). 
Scene, which roughly describes which new Scene the 
action will switch to.
The new Scene structure is therefore: Step 10 – Scenario Gifts

◆	 A Place where the Scene takes place.
◆	 A Time, to know when it takes place with respect to As a final touch to the Scenario, you can create a list of 

the previous Scene. Scenario Gifts. This step is not mandatory.
◆	 An Initial Situation that defines what happens and 

what to describe to the Hunters before starting the Exclusive Gifts can be of two types:
Scene.

◆	 Information, which can be obtained from the Scene. Scenario Gifts: Can be acquired during an Interlude, if 
Information will act as a “guide” to the Hunters’ choices, the Hunter has fulfilled certain storyline conditions. These 
so it must be explicit. Don’t be afraid to railroad the Gifts represent knowledge and skills that persist only for 
game too much, that’s exactly what we’re looking for! the duration of the Scenario itself and are an addition to 

◆	 End of Scene, which is a brief description of the the three Gifts the Hunter already possesses. The Gift must 
consequences of the current Scene. The Storyteller will be built with the rules presented in the Hunter’s Creation 
use it to direct NPC actions and bring other elements chapter and the narrative requirement for having it can be 
to the attention of the Hunters. considered as an Archetypal Costs. It is not possible to have 

more than one Scenario Gift at a time.
Example: The Second Scene of Red-Hood Iskra.

Place: The old cemetery of Durfort in the middle of the large 
Gévaudan forest. It is reached by a narrow dirt path that 
winds its way through the woods from the main road.

101



Example: A Scenario Gift from Red-Hood Iskra.
Wolf-killer
Requirement: Having faced the wolves in a fight at least once.
You know how to deal with the fiercest of wolves and are careful 
not to be surrounded. When you obtain at least a Standard 
Outcome on a Position or Defense Check against a pack of 
beasts, you can immediately eliminate 1 Minor animal NPC 
with 1 Wound.

Special Gift: This is a Gift reserved only for the Hunter who 
is the villain of the original fairytale that inspired the Scenario 
being played if present among the Hunters. As soon as the 
requirement is met, the Hunter will automatically gain the 
Gift for the duration of the Scenario, in addition to the ones 
already owned and without having to spend XP. Whether they 
like it or not! The Gift must be built with the rules presented 
in the Hunter’s Creation chapter. Bear in mind that the Gift 
needs to represent a connection between the Hunter and the 
Scenario and not necessarily a mere advantage! When creating 
this Gift, don’t worry as much about balancing the Archetypal 

During a game Campaign, a Hunter can use a 
previously acquired Scenario Gift in another Effects and Costs. You can even have more Costs than usual.

Scenario if this fits the context and events. 
If this occurs, the Player must bring this Example: A Special Gift from Red-Hood Iskra
possibility to the attention of the Storyteller, Where are you going all alone, sweetie?
who will decide (evaluating the impact on the Hunter: Garou the Old Wolf.
current Scenario) whether to allow the Hunter Requirement: To meet Iskra alone in the forest.
to use what they have learned in their previous You are attracted to the little girl who pretends to be a wolf and 
adventures. Even in this case, however, the you dream of devouring her. Once per Scene, you can spend 1 
limitation remains 1 Scenario Gift per Hunter. Soma to know exactly where she is. If you anticipate her and 

arrive somewhere before her, you get 1 Additional Success on 
every Check you make to hurt or devour that little morsel. 
You can’t wait to swallow that tidbit and it makes you let your 
guard down. As long as she is present on the Scene, you receive 
1 Penalty in all Defense Checks.

102



Broken Europe
Once upon a time… 1780’s Europe, a theater made up of small villages and large 

cities, where superstition and shadows move on the edges 
of what the common man defines as “normality.”

Year 1780. There are strange, half-sensed presences moving 
at the edge of our reality. Beings once relegated to the realms In this chapter, we will further illuminate facts and 
of make-believe have assumed nightmare forms, no less real characteristics that are helpful for managing the environment 
for being fantastic. Alarmed by the constant calls for help in around the Hunters during their investigations. The world 
dealing with supernatural evil, Pope Clement approves the of Broken Tales is entirely an invention and this game makes 
creation of the Order: a secret group consisting of the Hunters, no claim to historical accuracy. In fact, the fundamental 
led by the mysterious Guardians. The Hunters accept into idea is to add as many fantastic elements as possible, while 
their ranks anyone who has demonstrated qualities outside keeping them hidden in the shadows, at the edge of what 
the norm, revealing a connection to the world beyond the humans can perceive. The Europe of Broken Tales is not 
threshold of reality. The Hunters’ task is to seek out and defeat even a cohesive and “linear” world. Each Scenario is set in a 
any supernatural threat. But aren’t the Hunters themselves different place, with unique rules and situations. What this 
children of the twilight at the edge of reality? chapter tries to provide is a series of useful details for the 

Storyteller to add color to the journeys and adventures of 

The world of Broken Tales the Hunters. 

If you look at the Broken Europe Map, yo
B u’

r l
o l 

k s
e e
n e 

 m
Ta a

l n
e y

s  
is set in a fictional 18th century Europe, a places and cities. Anything that has a name

c  
o o

n n
t  
in th

e e
n  

t M
 m a

a p
d  

e up of a patchwork of small, rural locales. has a Scenario connected to it (either in th
Th is 

e b
 o
e o
x k

p  
l o
o r

it  
s i
 n
o  

f the Order, to which the Hunters belong, The Broken Ones expansion) or is a starting 
h p

a o
p in

p t
e  
n fo

 r
in  n

 e
th w

e  
 shadows of everyday life. They investigate stories and situations. These elements are d

r e
u ta

m il
o e

r d
s  
 i
a n
n  

d th
 m e 

ysteries unimaginable to the common minds chapter Playing a Broken Tales Campaign on p
of a

 g
th e 

e 2
 t 4

i 3
m . 

e. While art and culture are discussed in drawing 
rooms, the dark shadows of the Broken Tales lurk in small 
villages, waiting to snatch unsuspecting victims. The world 
of Broken Tales is but a darker and more fairytale version of 

103



BROKEN EUROPE
Overall mood Armors & Weapons

While bulky, full suits of armor are but relics of a bygone era, 
To better get into the mood of the Broken Tales setting, steel breastplates are still in use among the cavalry corps of 
keep these simple points in mind: the Ottoman army and knights in the service of the Papacy. 

For ordinary people, wearing armor is a very strange thing. 
◆	 Rural life is the backdrop for the Hunters and the But despite this, many Paladins remain within the Order 

Broken Tales they investigate. Hunters have to deal with who still wear their sacred armor.
small villages and simple-minded people. Superstition 
and fear of the supernatural surround the Hunters. For those who follow the sword as a profession, padding 

◆	 When the horror of the Broken Tales is revealed, most prevents dangerous, deep wounds during training, but in 
people cannot help but be terrified. everyday life, armor remains very impractical to use.

◆	 Common people are poor, living on what little they 
earn with back-breaking labor. The nobility lives safe, As far as sidearms are concerned, swords are still the overall 
opulent lives in big cities. Social differences are clear. favorite. The most common examples have straight and 

◆	 Children see what the adults refuse to understand. thin blades. More practical and concealable blades such 
The elderly have the wisdom of a lifetime and the as stilettos and daggers are common as well. Large two-
experience that darkness really exists. Adults are handed blades are a thing of the past, and only in remote 
crushed by a world that rejects what is considered areas such as Scotland is the claymore still used, which is a 
strange and unusual. kind of hand-and-a-half sword. Eastern influences in the 

◆	 Large ancient forests, shadowed labyrinths, lonely Balkan area favor the spread of curved and light blades 
cottages in the woods, and all the abandoned places like sabers. Usually, only the rich, the nobility, or military 
of the world. The Broken Tales live freely in places officers possess proper swords or sidearms (and the nobles 
humanity has forsaken. In the midst of society, they often have them custom-made at very great expense). On 
have to hide their true nature. the other hand, a good handcrafted dagger is extremely 

simple to make and available to anyone.

Keywords Additionally, any pointed or heavy work tool carried by 
a farmer can in fact be a weapon. Imagine a pitchfork, a 

This section is entirely based on the use of Keywords, a scythe, or a blacksmith’s hammer being used with violent 
series of terms that reveal information related to Broken intent.
Europe. For example, if the Hunters set out to reach the 
next destination, the Storyteller, scrolling through this Putting aside cannons, which are used only on the battlefield, 
section, could stop at the keyword TRAVEL to get useful the most popular firearms are pistols and flintlock rifles. 
information about it. That way, you can expand on an Wheel locks and matchlocks have been out of use for about 
aspect of the setting only when it is really necessary. seventy years. Despite being the most advanced technology 

104



BROKEN EUROPE
of its time, various elements such as humidity, jamming, on battlefields. For the s
a i
n m

d p
 l
fl e

i s
n t 

t t
 a
b s

r k
e s
a , 
k lo

ag ca
e l 

m or
e  
a c
n it

 y
t  
h m

a i
t l
 i
fi ti

r a
e s
a  
rms aren’t particularly are used, called up to 

r h
e e
l l
i p
ab  o

le n
. ly

A  
l w
th h

o e
u n

g  
h re

 q
p u

o e
w s

e te
rf d

u  
l b
, y

fi  
r t
e h
a e
r  
ms are inaccurate due authorities. If a serious c

t r
o i

 m
th e

e  
 o
s c
m cu

o r
o s

t  
h in

  
b a

o  s
r m
e a

in ll
s  
i v
d il

e l
 a
t g
h e

e , 
 i
fi t 

r i
i s
n  

g barrel. Beyond three often necessary to conta
h c

u t 
n th

d e
r  
e a
d u

 th
fe o

e r
t i
, t
 y

i  
t o
’s f

  t
c h
h e

a  n
ll e

e a
n r

g e
i s
n t

g  c
 it

t y
o ,

  
shoot accurately. The hoping that someone th

e e
x re

c  
e h
p a

t s
i  
o t

n h
s e
  t

a im
re e

  
d a

u n
e d
l  
i w
ng il

 li
p n

i g
s n
to e

l s
s s
  t

a o
n  

d well-made shotguns intervene...
which, thanks to a rifled barrel, are incredibly accurate, but 
also infinitely more expensive. The Broken Tales fear cities, but often the dark feelings 

that animate them are 
M str

a o
g n

ic g
a  
l e
 n
w o

e u
a g
p h

o  
n to

s  
r p
e u
la sh

te  
d th

 t e
o m

 t  
h in

e t
 o
B  

roken Tales are highly unreasonable risks.
sought after among senior army officers. They represent 
trophies to show off and brag about in war councils. The 
Order actively monitors new discoveries, replacing the real Countryside
weapon with a copy at an opportune time and taking the 
original for safekeeping in the underground chambers I

 n
o  

f a
 lmost all of Europe, the majority of people live off 

Valea Viilor. agriculture, following the cycle of the seasons. In spring 
and summer, the land is worked to care for the fields and 

Cities, towns and villages the crops. Winter months are dedicated to repairing homes, 
stables, granaries, and tools. Some peasants own the land 
they work, but most ar

B e
i  
g ju

 c s
i t
t  
i l
e a
s b
 o
a r
r e
e r
 s
a .
  
s I
a n
f  
e m
 p a

l n
a y
c  
e r
 e
fo g

r io
 n
th s

e , 
 whole range of social agriculture as an indust

c r
l y
a  
ss h

e a
s s
.  
 N be

o c
b o

l m
es e

 a  
n h

d ig
 w hl

e y
a  
l d
th ev

y e
 p lo

e p
o e

p d
le , 

 live in beautiful houses made up of wide pastur
a e
n s 

d a
 n

l d
ar  a

g l
e l
  t

p h
a e
l  
a b
c u
e i
s l
, d
 i

a n
r g
ti s

s  
a a
n ss

s o
, c

a ia
n t

d e
 d

m  
erchants of the petty with animal husbandry 

b (
o su

u c
rg h

e  a
o s

is  s
ie ta

 b
c l
a e
n s

 , 
a g
ff ra

o n
rd ar

 i
a e
 s

m , o
o v

d e
e n
s s
t ,
  

home in the suburbs, mills, fields). Laborers 
p c

e a
r n
h  

ap a
s ls
 o o

n  
 l
t i
h v

e e
  
se b

c y
o  

n fo
d r

 fl m
o i

o n
r g
 o  

f s
 a m

 t a
e l
r l
r  
aced house. The further communities. 

you go towards the slums, the harsher life is, down to the 
poorest and most desperate, forced to sleep on the street. For the Broken Tales, the countryside is the best place to live 

and thrive, safe from the
Th  cr

e o
 l w

aw ds
  
o o

f f
  
t b
h i

e g
  
s c
t i
a ti
t e
e s
 i . 

s S
 p m

a a
r l
a l
m  h

o o
u u

n se
t s
 e  

verywhere, both in the in the woods, natural ca
c v
o e

u s
n , 

t a
r n
y d

si  
d o

e ld
 a  

n a
d b

 a
i n
n d

 t o
h n

e e
 m d 

a m
in i

 l
c ls
i  
t a
ie r

s e
.  
 The primary difference great places to live witho

is u
 t t

h  c
a o
t, m

 in p
 le
a t
 l e

a ly
rg  l

e o
 s
c i
i n
ty g

,  
t c
h o

e n
 t
r a
e c
p t

r  
e w
s i
e t
n h

t  
atives of the law and of mankind.

the state are physically present, often in good numbers. 
Meanwhile, small villages rely on the ruling of the elders 
and religious authority. The most prominent and serious 
crimes are usually tried in city courts. The cities can’t 
afford to spread their men-at-arms thinly across both rich 
and poor neighborhoods, and the rulers don’t intervene 
to prevent unrest because soldiers are much more useful 

105



Education Fire
Public education doesn’t exist, only private lessons and schools In every home there is a firepla
a c
re e,

 a  k
v e

a p
il t

a  c
b o

le n
. s
 B ta

a n
s t
ic ly

 e  l
d it

u  i
c n
a  w
tio in

n t
 e
is r

 .
p  

rovided by the family and, in It is a vital source of heating a
fa n

c d
t,  

 i
a n
lm  si

o m
st p

 e le
v r

e  
r h
y o
o m

ne e
 s
o  s

u e
t r
s v
id e

e s
  
t a
h s

e  
 city is illiterate. For practical a place for cooking food. In 

r la
e r
a g
s e
o  

n re
s, s

 i
a d
lm en

o ti
s a
t l

e  h
ve o

r m
yo es

n ,
e  o
 l n

ea  t
r h
n e

s  
 some basic mathematics. other hand, fireplaces are pres

N e
o n

b t 
i i
l n
it  

y a
 ll

a  r
n o

d o
 m

bo s 
u o

r r
g  i

e n
o  

i t
s h
i e
e  
 m

m o
a s
y t

  
both vary widely in terms important rooms, including th

o e
f  b

c e
u d

lt r
u o

r o
e m
 a s

n . 
d In

  
e t
d h

u es
c e
a  
t b
io u

n il
. d
 i
S n

o g
m s 

e may barely know how to the kitchens are in a dedicat
r e
e d
a  
d s

 p
a a
n ce

d ,
  

w oft
ri e

t n
e,  

 o
w n

h  t
i h
le e

  
o g

t r
h o

e u
r n
s d
 p  

ossess significant academic floor where the servants’ areas
k  a

n r
o e

w  lo
le c

d a
g te

e d
 .
i  
n Th

clu er
d e

i ,
n  t

g h
 e
h  c

i o
st o

o k
r i
y n
, g

p  
hilosophy, politics, classical fires are almost always lit. The

L  e
a m
tin be

 r
a s
n  a

d r
 e

G  k
r e
e p
e t
k  w

 c a
u rm

ltu  t
r o
e  
, m
 li a

n k
g e

u  
istics, and music. In many it easy to start a fire. 

countries, knowledge of the Holy Scriptures and the Bible is Candles are the most comm
co o

n n
s  
i l
d ig

e h
re t

d so
 e u

s r
s c
e e
n . 

ti Th
al. e rich use 

wax, while tallow is sufficient for the poor (the latter being 

106



much more smoky). Sparking devices using flintlocks have 
become popular for lighting fires – they are so useful that Government
some have begun carrying them on their person.

Absolute monarchy, in its “enlightened” variant, is the 

Food most widespread form of government. The most powerful 
nations in the world such as France, England, the Austrian 

Empire, Prussia, Spain, and Russia, are all ruled by 
By 1780, naval voyages connected every continent and monarchs endowed with absolute power. Many allow 
the most powerful nations had vast colonial empires. parliamentary assemblies or Councils of State 
As a result, it’s possible to find goods from all over the but keep them mostly powerless, except for 
world in Europe. Obviously, some are much more occasionally being consulted. Each monarch 
exotic than others, such as the pineapples that can is convinced that it is essential for a sovereign 
be found only at the tables of English nobles, to hold the ultimate authority, in order to 
but nowhere else in Europe. American secure their people’s welfare, despite often 
products (potatoes, tomatoes, corn) are now disastrous results.
available in markets and cultivated in crops. 
Tobacco and cocoa (only imported and not The one exception to royal authority is the 
cultivated), however, remain reserved for Church. It remains independent and held 
the higher classes. Cocoa is consumed as a in the utmost esteem thanks to the work of 
drink, while tea from India has long since the Order.
become a tradition for the English nobility. Usually, only the nobility are allowed to 
The most popular products are grains and participate in politics, representing solely 
bread forms the basis of every meal, from the ruling class, including also members 
the richest to the poorest. Wine and oil are of the high clergy, such as the bishops. 
very common products, as is beer (or cider in Immediately below them, however, 
some regions). Butter or lard are used both for intellectuals or wealthy citizens (merchants, 
cooking and as condiments. artisans, notaries, bureaucrats, students and 

writers) are often actively involved in politics 
as well. Peasants have no say in who rules them, 

being mostly  poor, humble, and illiterate.

Information
Some newspapers are published regularly, but they are 
usually just a few sheets and are not released daily. In the 
most important public squares there are always posting 
poles or boards, where the government shares decrees or 

107



information of great importance with the citizens. In many directly from the state coffers. Even the most prestigious 
cities the doors of prominent churches are used for posting religious offices (cardinals, bishops of the largest cities, 
notices. Even “town criers” (people who shout the most and abbots of the richest monasteries) are still largely 
important news out in the street) are still widely used. the prerogative of aristocratic families. Even if treaties, 

deals, and contracts are written and signed, the word of a 
The Order controls information to the best of its ability, “gentleman” can often be a sufficient guarantee in itself.
casting news of monsters and magic as simple superstition. The life of a noble is made up of large palaces, servants, 
It is a difficult and painstaking job, which requires them sumptuous clothes, balls and masquerades. Lazing around 
to downplay the threat so as not to frighten the common at any time of the day is normal, because physical work 
people. However, the Order does not stifle the stories is considered common and degrading. Extravagance is 
completely, so that rumors still travel from one mouth to everywhere, depending on the actual wealth of the family. 
next, until they reach the ears of the Hunters. It is easy for wizards and witches to dupe a noble and thus 

obtain wealth and privileges. In the lounges and courtyards, 

Night however, gossip makes the rounds quickly, with a risk that 
the Order hears of it.

Only cities have walls and, consequently, gates that are 
closed at night and controlled by the patrols of the city Order (The)
militia. In small villages, you fort up at night, locking doors 
and windows while anxiously waiting for the daylight... For The Order represents the most powerful and extensive secret 
commoners, the night is a time of rest, to recover strength society of Broken Europe. Every member of the Church, 
in anticipation of a new day of work. For the nobles, from the humblest country priest to the richest bishop of 
however, the night is dedicated to parties and lust. For the Rome, is aware of the war that the Church has always fought 
Broken Tales, night is the best time to act, safe from most with the Broken Tales. Although the Order is an established 
prying eyes. truth to all of them, far fewer know of the Hunters and their 

incredible abilities. The Order acts directly under the Pope’s 

Nobility authority, but in reality, it is the different groups of Hunters 
that make the difference. Depending on their choices and 

One is noble by birth, by investiture thanks to merit earned the results of their investigations, the Broken Tales are 
by a particular family, or by pretending to be one. Since the eliminated or absorbed into the Order, expanding the ranks 
use of documentation is not widespread, with enough spine of the Hunters themselves or the hoard contained in the 
and a lot of charisma it is possible to simply talk your way fortress of Valea Viilor.
into the nobility.
Being noble grants many benefits including an active role The Order has no ultimate purpose, other than to counter 
in politics, and the possibility of aspiring to the highest the Broken Tales that constantly come into being over 
military and judicial posts. Often, as in France, the most time because of the One Who Plots in the Shadows. This 
important noble families are entitled to an income paid mysterious figure seems to be deeply connected to the 

Broken Tales, but little is known about him except for 

108



vague rumors and the few clues collected by the Hunters, Personalities
despite years of research. 

The Eighteenth century is the century of the Enlightenment, 
The Order is not protected from palace intrigues and power which gave birth to a plethora of important historical 
games. Many bishops and others in the Church’s hierarchy personalities. Below is a brief, and obviously not exhaustive, 
yearn for its control or, simply put, to get their hands on roundup of historical personalities whom the Hunters 
the many magical treasures it protects. For this reason, the could come across.
management of the Order changes constantly, with the 
Pope himself as the only true constant. Hunters therefore 
enjoy great freedom of action and, each having their own Artists
personal goals, they can take advantage of the protection of 
the Order to progress in their own quests. Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (1729 - 1781) was the great 

father of the German literary Enlightenment. Johann 
Christoph Friedrick von Schiller (1759 - 1805), scholar, 

The Order is a reality that many are aware of, but nobody 
really wants to talk about. It represents the dark side of poet, philosopher. Donatien-Alphonse-François de Sade 

(1740 - 1814), French writer, philosopher, poet, playwright, 
the Church, which must be trusted to settle what normal 
people cannot deal with. essayist, aristocrat and revolutionary politician, known 

for his numerous libertine and gothic-themed literary 

Ordinary people’s belongings works, centered on a mixture of violence and sexuality. 
Carlo Goldoni (1707 - 1793), the great father of modern 
comedy. Giuseppe Parini (1729 - 1799), one of the leading 

A pocket knife is always useful for many tasks, as is a pipe exponents of the Italian Enlightenment and Neoclassicism. 
if you can afford to buy tobacco from time to time. A small Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749 - 1832), a man of all-
necklace with a cross made of humble materials such as around culture (philosopher, politician, writer, poet, art 
wood and iron is commonly kept for moments of prayer, critic, music critic, etc.), the original inventor of the concept 
especially among women. Clothes and accessories are of Weltliteratur (world literature), due to his admiration 
simple and suitable for work, such as aprons so as not to get and great knowledge of the national literatures of distant or 
too dirty and handkerchiefs to clean your hands. In most foreign countries (English, French, Italian, Greek, Persian 
houses, there are candlesticks for light, which are made of and Arabic). Christoph Willibald Gluck (1714 - 1787), 
iron or wood, though the rich can afford silver. Families composer and opera player, one of the major initiators 
also need tools for everyday life, such as looms for weaving of the Classicism movement. Franz Joseph Haydn 
and kitchen utensils. (1732 - 1809), one of the greatest exponents of Viennese 

Classicism, is still considered the “father” of the symphony 
and the string quartet. Antonio Salieri (1750 - 1825), a 
great composer, who tutored many musicians who later 
became famous including Beethoven, Schubert, and Liszt. 
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756 - 1791), a true genius of 

109



classical music. Francisco Goya (1746 - 1828), the greatest Great (1712 - 1786), enli
S g

p h
a te
n n

is e
h d

  
p ru

a l
i e
n r

t  
e p
r a
 r
o  

f e
 x
th ce

e l
 l
1 e

7 n
0 c

0 e,
s  
. w
 S a

i s
r  a
 J  

oshua Reynolds (1723 philosopher (he was a fr
- i
 e
1 n

7 d
9  o

2 f
)  
, V
 f o

o l
u ta

n i
d re

e ,
r  
 w
o i

f t
 h
th  w

e h
R o

o m
y  

a i
l t
  w
A a

c s
a  
demy of Arts. Antonio rumored he actually ha

C d 
a a

n  r
o e

v la
a t

 i
( o
1 n

7 s
5 h

7 i
 p
- )

1 , 
8 c

2 o
2 m

), p
 t o

h s
e e
 r
g ,

r  
e ju
a r
te is

s t
t  
 European sculptor and and great political inno

t v
h a

e t
 o
gr r.

e  
a M
te a

st r
 i
e a
x  

p Th
on e

e r
n es

t a
o  

f o
 N f 

e A
o u

cl s
a t
s r
s i
i a
c  
ism. (1717 - 1780), the female Austrian equivalent of Frederick 

Sch I
o I, 

l a
a nd

r  
s Ed

 a m
n un

d d
  
s B

c u
i r
e ke

n  (
t 1
i 7
s 29

t  
s - 1797), English politician 

and statesman.

Henry Cavendish (1731 - 1810), scientist. Jean Baptiste 
Le Rond D’Alembert (1717 - 1783) R

, e
m l

a i
t g
he i

m o
a n
tician 

and physicist (writer of the Encyclopédie with Diderot). Broken Europe hosts 
L va

e r
o i

n ou
ar s

d  
 re

E lig
u i

l o
e n
r s. 

(1 C
7 a

0 t
7 h

 oli
- c
 is

1 m
7  

83 is
)  
, mathematician and present in Spain, Franc

a e
s ,
t  
ro It

n a
o ly

m , 
e A
r u
. s

D tr
a ia

n , 
ie P

l o
 l

B a
e n
r d
n , 

o I
u re

ll l
i a
 n

( d
1  

700 - 1782), physicist. and in some Germanic 
A ar

l e
e a

s s
s .
a  P

n r
d o

r t
o e

 s
V ta

o n
l t
t i
a s

 m
(1  

7 is
4  w

5 i
- d
 1 es

8 p
2 r

7 e
) a
, d

p  
hysicist. Luigi Galvani in the Netherlands, in 

( m
17 a

3 n
7 y

  
- a

1 re
7 a

9 s
8  

) o
, f

p  
h th

y e
s  
ic H

is o
t ly

a  
n R

d o
 a m

n a
a n
to  

mist. The Montgolfier Empire (Prussia, Palati
b n

r a
o te

t ,
h  

e S
r a
s x
 o
( n
17 y

4 ),
0  

 D
- e

1 n
8 m

10 a
/ r
1 k

7 , 
4 S

5 w
 - e

 d
1 e

7 n
9  

9), inventors of the air and Norway. Anglicani
b s

a m
ll  

o i
o s

n  
. i
 n

A  E
n n

to g
i l
n an

e d
-L , 

a C
u a

re lv
n i

t n
 is

d m
e  

L in
a  

voisier (1743 - 1794), Switzerland, Orthodox 
c C
h h

e r
m is

i t
s i
t a
. n

G it
e y

o  
r in
g  

e t
s h
-L e 

o w
u h

is o
 l
L e

e  
c B
l a
e l
r k
c a
 d n

e  
 Buffon (1707 - 1788), area and especially in R

n u
at s

u si
r a
a .
l  
i I
s s
t l
. a
 m

D i
e s
n m

is  
 c

D an
id  b

e e
ro  f

t o
 u

(1 n
7 d

1  
3 in

  
- 1784), author of the many parts of the Balka

E n
n s

c , 
y i
c n
l  
o A

p s
é i
d a

i  
e M
 t in

og o
e r,
t  
h in

er  
 th

w e
i  
t M
h id

D d
’A le

l  
embert. Adam Smith East, and throughout

(  
17 M

23 e
 d
- i
 t
1 e

7 rr
9 a

0 n
), e

 a
e n
c  
on A

om fri
i c
s a
t. .

  
C M

ar a
l n

L y
i  
nnaeus, also known as religious minorities, suc

L h
i  
n a

n s 
a J
e u
u d

s a
 i

( s
1 m

7 ,
0  

7 ar
 e

-  
 w

1 i
7 d

7 e
8 s

) p
, re

p a
h d

y ,
s  
i b
c u
ia t 

n, botanist and, above have always kept a low
a  
l p
l r

e o
l fi
se le

,  
n o

a u
t t
u  

r o
a f
l  
i f
s e
t. a

 r
C  o

a f
r  
l r
 e
S t

c a
h li

e a
e t
l io
e n

(  
1742 - 1786), chemist, from the powers-that-be

d  d
is u

c e
o  

v to
er  t

e h
r e
  

o gr
f ea

o t
x  s

y o
g l

e id
n a

. ri
J t
a y

n  o
 f

I  t
n h

g e
e ir
n  

housz (1730 - 1799), communities.
botanist and chemist. Frederick William Herschel (1738 
- 1822), astronomer, physicist, and composer. James Watt Churchmen play a very 
( i
1 m

7 p
3 o

6 r
 - t

 a
1 n

8 t
1  r

9 o
) l
, e
p  i

h n
y  

s s
i o
c c
is ie

t, t
 y
e ,
n  b

g o
in th

ee  t
r h
 a e

n  
d inventor of the steam high clergy (representin

e g
n  a

g  
i b
n r

e a
. nch of the aristocracy) and 

those who take care of the many villages.

Politicians Although the Enlightenment has begun to undermine the 
dominance of religious beliefs, few dare to call themselves 

Cesare Beccaria (1738 - 1794), jurist, author of the essay atheists. Almost everyone else, in any European or 
“On Crimes and Punishments.” Leopold II of Habsburg- Mediterranean area, are fervent supporters of their faith. 
Lorraine (1747 - 1792), Grand Duke of Tuscany, a true It is customary to regularly attend religious services and 
enlightened ruler: the first monarch in the world to abolish receive the sacraments, and this applies to the nobles, the 
the death penalty. Frederick II of Prussia, known as the rich, the poor, and the peasants, without distinction.

110



Rich people’s belongings Superstition
The best way to show off wealth is to wear it, including The Enlightenment is undermining many popular beliefs 

elegant clothes, made by professional tailors, but also shoes and superstitions, but only among the upper social classes, 

and boots. Even weapons can be a subject to fashion, such meaning those who can afford adequate education and are 

as dueling pistols or very elaborate and engraved shotguns. genuinely literate. Among the common people, however, 

Of course, jewels like rings (also used by men) and popular belief in legends and the existence of supernatural 

necklaces (especially for women) can range from tasteful forces are well rooted, and often “Christianized” as being in 

to opulent. Ladies desire expensive perfumes and highly service to the Devil.
coveted dressing tables. In wealthy homes works of art, fine 
furniture, tapestries, and fine silverware are common. Every region, if not every single village, has its own folk 

remedies. There are literally hundreds of different ways to 

Sickness interpret a situation through superstition. The great witch 
hunts have been over for years now, but in the countryside, 
it is still easy to believe in dark forces and question any 

Seasonal ailments such as flu and cold are omnipresent, 
person who deviates even slightly from what is considered 

to the point of being deadly for those who cannot afford 
“normal”. Regarding the Church, the Order secretly deals 

treatment. with every supernatural phenomenon, leaving the village 
Smallpox epidemics break out continuously and syphilis, 

priests with the task of maintaining a fear of the unknown. 
tuberculosis, and cholera are more or less widespread. 

For the common people, it is natural to wait for the 
Among the nobility, due to a diet featuring a great deal of 

intervention of the Church to resolve a mystery. For the 
meat, gout is widespread, while scurvy is rampant among 

nobles and rulers of the cities, the Order is an established 
sailors. Although not really a disease, septicaemia and 

truth not to be named in public, but on which one must 
gangrene are a constant presence among the wounded on 

blindly rely in case of need against the forces of darkness.
the battlefield, often with lethal consequences. Tetanus is 
also a common infection. Traveling
In most cases, the ill are treated with home remedies and 
according to popular wisdom. Only the affluent can afford Traveling is not easy. For farmers, survival is anchored to 

the expensive care of a doctor. If a sick person can continue the land they cultivate. It is difficult to move around except 

to work, they will be grateful to avoid ending up in a for a few rare exceptions, such as fairs and markets. Those 

hospital or, worse, abandoned on the street... who travel often are nobles, scholars, merchants, and of 
course ambassadors and political officials. 

The horse is the most popular way to travel. The nobility 
have their own horses, but scholars, notaries, or those who 

111



live in the city must necessarily pay 
c f
a o
r r
r  
i a
a  
g r

e i
 d
o e

r  
 i
c n
o  

a a
c  
h h

. o
 T rs

r e
a -
v d

e r
l a
in w

g n
 b  

y ship i
t s
h  

e a
  
c g
o o

a o
s d
ts  

, w
 t a

h y
o  

u to
g  

h m
 t o

h v
e e
re  a

 a lo
re n

 g
n  

o passen
s g
h e

ip r 
s s
 h
w ip

h s
ic , 

h b
 u
o t

ff  o
e n
r l

p y
a  m
ss e

a r
g c

e h
 f a

o n
r t
  
a few coins. 

The borders between the various stat
w es

e  
l o
l f

d  B
e r
fi o

n k
e e
d n

  
a E
n u

d r
 o
b p

o e
r  
d a

e re
r  
 n
co o

n t 
trols are

o  
n f

 o
t c
h u

e s
 m ed

a  
i a
n l

 m
ro o

a s
d t 

s e
. x

I c
t l

i u
s s
 i
a v
ls e

o ly
  
true tha

b t 
u sa

sy fe
,  

a r
n oa

d d
 m s a

o r
v e

i  
n fe

g w
 a  

 a
h n

e d
a  
v v

y e
 r
c y
a  
rt throu

t g
h h

e  
 i
e n
a a
s c
ie c

s e
t s
 o si

f b
 o le

p  
e s
r tr
a e
ti e

o ts
n  

s i
. s
  not 

For Hunters, traveling is what conne
n c

e t
x s

t  
 o
a n
n e

d  
 i
a n
c v
c e
o s

u ti
n g

t a
s t
 i
f o
o n

r  
a t
 o
g  

o th
o e

d  
 portion

m  o
i f
s  
s t
i h
o e

n  t
 i
e m
ac e

h  t
 h
w e

e y
e  
k sp

. e
Th nd

e  
 o
O n

r  
d a 

er enjoy
e s
v  r

e e
r s
y p

w e
h ct

e  
r a
e n
, d

a  
n e

d st
 e
it e

 m
is  

c a
o lm

m o
m st

o  
n practi

w ce
it  

h to
in  a

 t c
h c

e o
 m
lim m

i o
ts d

 o a
f t
 e
o  

n H
e u
’s n

 a t
b e

i r
l s
i  
ty. Even 

o th
p e

e  
n h

 u
th m

e b
ir l

 e
h s

o t 
m of

e  p
 t e

o a
 t s

h an
em ts 

. will 

Work
The industrial revolution is upsetting B
in ro

d k
u e

s n
tr  

i E
e u
s r

m op
e e
a .
n  T

s a
 t lk

al i
k n

i g
n  a

g b
 a o

b u
o t 

ut extrem
wh e 

e m
re a

 t n
h p

e o
 p w

o e
w r

e  r
r e
 o q

f u
 r i

i r
v e

e m
rs e

 a n
n t

d s,
  
coal play

t  
h an

e  i
n m

ob p
l o
e r
s t
, a
 w nt

h  r
o o

 l
d e

o . E
 n x

o c
t e
 w pt

o  f
r o
k r

  
(because

to  i
 t
p  i

e s
r  c
fo o

r n
m si

 d
h e

a r
r e
d d

 w  h
o u

r m
k) i

, l
 i
a a
l t
l i
 o n

t g
h  

er socia
c l 
h c

i l
l a
d s

h se
o s

o  s
d ta

. r
E t 

s w
p o

e r
c k
ia in

lly g
  d
in u

 r
t i
h n

e g
  
country

t s
h id

ei e
r ,
  c

p h
a i
r l
e d
n r

t e
s n
  

w re
it g

h u
 la

e r
v l

e y
r  
y h

 e
t l
a p
s  
k. Even

m  i
e n
r  
ch th

a e
n  

t c
s i

a ti
r e
e s
 ,
h  

e a
l r
p t

e is
d a

 n
by s 

 t a
h n

e d
ir  

 children
ev  a

e t
n  l

 e
if a

 s
o t

n  i
l n
y  

 t
t h
o e

 p  s
a i
s m
s p

o l
n e

 s
t t
h  j

e o
 b
fa s

m , 
ily profession. 

Work is often a means of redemption
fo  f

r o
 r

a  B
 n ro

o k
rm en

a  
l T
 a

li l
f e
e s
.  
 t

A ha
lt t

h  y
o e

u a
g rn

h,  
 as you

r  
e c
s a
tr n

a  
in im

t c a
a g
n in

 b e
e , 
 r a

u  
i l
n if

e e
d ti

 m
by e

  
a o
 s f

i  
ngle mo

t m
he e

i n
r t

s  
p in

e  
c w
ia h

l i
 c
a h
b  

i t
li h

t e
ie y

s  
. manifest 

112



Spoiler
! Warning !

Go no further if you don’t want to lose your way... 

This part of the book presents the complete rules for playing a Broken Tales Campaign, all the 
Scenarios and the truth behind the tale of the Child Savior.

If you want to experience Broken Tales as a player, stop here. After all... would you peek at the 
last page of a novel you are reading?

113



TThhee  FChaildi rSyavtiaorle Of 
  

Reprise
Once upon a time... the world of fairytales was on the verge of ending, forsaken by children who grew up too fast and forgot 
the value of old stories. Within the void left by failing stories, darkness and oblivion blossomed. All the inhabitants of fairytales 
wept with fear at the long-dreaded end. “All it would take is one last reader. One single young heart willing to believe in us still,” 
sighed the weary Fairytale King.

Once upon a time... A writer labored in obscurity, desperately trying to create new 
fairytales that could find a place in the hearts of children. But every time his stories were 
rejected. Too dark. Too dangerous. Drawn from old tales no one remembered anymore. 
“People don’t want to hear about fairytales,” people teased him.

114



But there was a Child who still believed in fairytales. Alone and abandoned by everyone, the Child found shelter in those old stories. 
Within was protection from the world outside, too real and too cruel. Lost among myths and tales, he forgot the pain of a family 
unable to give him the childhood he deserved. “I love all fairytales full of heroes and villains to defeat,” said the Child. “Why doesn’t 
anyone write new fairytales? If only I knew how, I would do it,” the little dreamer kept repeating.

The Writer drove himself harder and harder, giving birth to even darker and more painful 
stories, resigned to the fact that nobody would appreciate them. Perhaps the fairytales were to 
blame, stubborn things unwilling to change? After having devoted his entire life to writing, the 
fairytales were refusing to help him, stubbornly unchanging for hundreds of years. 
Weren’t the fairytales the first to bask in undeserved immortality?

The Fairytale King noticed the little 

dreamer, for if even a single reader was 

ready to believe in fairytales, the whole In the
world would continue to do so. Thus the  darkest mo

th m
e en

W t 
Child became the Savior. From his dreams, r o

i f
t  
e h
r i
 s

n  l
o if

 e
o , 

ne 
l b
o e

st li
 e

i v
n e

 d
t  
h i

e n
  

m w
e a
m s 

fairytales drew new life. As a reward, the 

Fairytale King granted the Child Savior a orie
c s
h  

i o
ld f 

h a
o  

o f
d o

, r
 w go

h t
e te
n n

wish. “Thanks to you we are remembered. I  t  
he m

ig a
n g

i i
t c
e  
d of

  f
trust you will find in your heart the proper a

th ir
e y
 ta

p l
a es

s  
sion

Th  i
e n
n  

 h
h is

e  
 h

r e
e a
m rt

reward to ask for.” e .
m  

be
h r

e e
 d 

rem ev
e e
m ry

b t
e h
r i
e n
d g

 : 
a d

re is
m ta

e n
m t 

b w
er i

e s
d h

 , 
w h

h e
a  

t he
h  

o sa
w v

 e
u d

n ,
g  a
ra n

t d
e  
fu sa

l w
th  

e fairytales were.

115



For a long time, the Child searched his heart for the most beautiful wish he could think of. However, hidden in 
his heart’s innermost corner, he found his own shadow. The One Who 
Plots in the Shadows emerged from the future, driven by rejection, whispering in the Child Savior’s mind a malicious intention. 
The Child Savior truly believed that it was a good idea. 
Innocent, he said, “I would give new life to the rogues, a chance at redemption for every character who has been relegated to the 
role of villain for centuries.”

But every light needs its shadow.

Hunched over in his studio, into the darkness of his soul, The 
Writer no one believed in died, to rise again as 

 The One Who Plots in the Shadows.

lains 
So it was that the vil
became good, the heroes 

became evil. Ansdh aallt tfaeirryetdales 
.

116



Scenarios

117



RIesd-khoroad 
red by 

A Scenario inspi Once upon a time
Little Red Riding Hood …

The prosperous village of Durfo
G rt

é  
va in

u  
d

(Charles Perrault) an, France is being terroriz
f e
e d
r  
oc b

i y
o  

us beasts. Gerard Dubois, the
l  
o l

r o
d c

 a
o l

f  
 the manor, is recently married 

b t
e o
a  t

u h
t e
i  
ful Elizaveta of Vol

Safety Keywords: hynia but 
  he fi

 n
c d
a s

n  
not enjoy h

Child neglect / Revenge is honeymoon whe
d n

e  
sp h

e is
r  
ate subjects are constantly pes

h te
im rin

 g
fo  

r help. Finding that the cau
th se

e  
ir o

 f
f  
ears are beyond his meager abi

m lit
a y

n  t
a o

g  
e, Gerard has written a letter 

P to
a  

p t
a h

c e
y  
, quietly begging for help. The 

w le
r t
i t
t e
t r
e ,
n  

 in Lord Gerard’s trembling 
r h
e a
a n

d d
s, ,

  
“The beasts that menace the Géva

a u
re d

 a
u n

n  
natural, fashioned by something

t  
h o

a th
n e

 G r 
od.”

A group of the Order’s Hunters is sent 
v t

i o
l  
l t
a h

g e
e  
 of Durfort to find out what is 

g r
o e

i a
n l

g ly
 o  

n...

118



Tuhs eh setroer…y that led The story at the arrival of the 
Hunters…
Iskra didn’t die in the forest of Białowieża. Instead, she 
faced every trial with fierce tenacity and eventually 

E prevailed, defeating Greskar. A huge, ferocious werewolf, 
Greskar infected Iskra with the wolf ’s curse. Becoming a 
member of the pack and the favorite of the alpha Greskar, 

lizaveta of Volhynia has always been an attractive Iskra set off for the Gévaudan, following the scent of her 
woman, accustomed to the rich salons of the gentry, and mother, determined to get her revenge. Thanks to the fury 
the pomp of nobles and courtiers. Becoming pregnant with of the wolf pack, Iskra has thrown the village of Durfort 
Iskra, her eldest daughter, was a curse for her. into disarray. Now, she waits in the shadows for the right 
Abandoned by her wealthy lover, Elizaveta was opportunity to enter the palace and devour her unworthy 
impoverished for years, with few skills, little work, and only mother. 
the help of her old mother Anastazia. A chance encounter Elizaveta has realized what is happening, for Iskra left 
with Gerard, who is ignorant of her past, rekindled a pendant she had once made for her on the windowsill, 
Elizaveta’s ambition for a life of comfort and decadence as a memento of a rare moment of happiness. Elizaveta, a 
the future wife of a nobleman. Elizaveta, determined not to cunning manipulator, got rid of the token and did not panic 
miss such an opportunity, sent her daughter Iskra alone to or lose her temper. After convincing Gerard to turn to the 
visit her grandmother. Elizaveta knew that she was exposing Order, she will seek to move the pieces on the chessboard, 
her to the dangers of the dense forest of Białowieża, a place using them to rid herself of her unwanted offspring once 
full of beasts and bandits, and deadly to the unwary. Ten- and for all...
year-old Iskra trusted her mother and disappeared forever 
into the darkness of the forest. Anastazia had always treated 
Iskra with love and kindness and, overwhelmed by the 
grief of her granddaughter’s sad end, died soon after. Free 
and unattached, Elizaveta fled to Gévaudan with her new 
husband, unaware of her daughter’s real fate. In fact, Iskra P
did not die, but joined Greskar’s wolf pack, becoming a wolf s lay dthe official Re dy-oHuoro gda Imske ra 
herself... soesusniotnr!ack during

119



1First Scene Information: The following information/clues can be 
obtained from the interview with Gerard.

◆	 The monsters that scourge the Gévaudan are ferocious 

Read aloud to the Hunters: beasts, as can be seen from the state of the victims’ bodies.
 Our story opens as you are ◆	 The first two victims were Guy and Ivette, two young 

being interviewed by a nervous Gerard Dubois, who, anxious lovers who used to meet secretly in the old cemetery 
to get rid of the monsters infesting his lands, has organized a just outside the city. It is there that what remains of their 
dinner for his long-anticipated guests. A room has been booked bodies are buried.
for you at the town’s finest inn, but even though it’s been a long ◆	 It is strictly forbidden to leave the city after sunset. The fall 
day’s journey, the urgency of the matter at hand demands that of night now brings with it the mournful song of howling 
no time be wasted. Next to the fireplace, a beautiful woman wolves.
is pouring wine from a goblet and smiling at you. She is Lady 
Elizaveta, Gerard’s wife.  

Place: The ceremonial hall of the Dubois family’s grand The Dubois Palace
palace. A richly furnished room with an enormous painting of 
Patrick Dubois, Gerard’s late father. Stern and sullen-looking, 
Patrick seems to judge his son’s incompetence from beyond Descriptor: A great palace with more than a hundred rooms, 
the grave with ill-concealed contempt. rich and opulent.

Time: When the Hunters visit the palace, roll 1 die to determine a 
 The sun set more than two hours ago and after a long special feature.

journey, it is now dinnertime. 1-2: The palace cellars are filled with excellent wine and fine 

Initial situation: game meat.
 Gerard is anxious for the Hunters to get to 

work. Elizaveta studies the situation in silence, trying to figure 3-4: A secret passageway connects the large dining room to 
out how she can turn the Hunters’ arrival to her advantage, the inner courtyard.
using them as tools for her own purposes. Choose one of the 5-6: Every room in the palace is filled with flattering paintings 
villagers to be her dinner guest, or create one of your own. of Patrick Dubois, Gerard’s father.
Vincent, her trusted head of the guards, will also be present, 
of course.

120



Gerard Dubois the Incapable Noble of his men, every action against him receives 1 Penalty 
and Vincent can inflict 1 additional Wound.

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
Descriptor: I am the noble baron of Durfort and my The Guards of Gerard Dubois
word is law. I live in the shadow of my late father’s glory.

Agenda: Put an end to the menacing werewolves and OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
cover up any possible mischief. Descriptor: We are duty-bound    -    as long as we get 

paid.
Elizaveta – The cruel bride Agenda: Vincent is the boss. We’ll follow his lead.

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
Descriptor: I am skillful and charming. I’ll do whatever 
is needed to get what I want.

Agenda: To maintain the comforts and luxuries I have 
earned. That means ridding myself of my annoying daughter 
Iskra.

Vincent Arn – Former Huntsman and Chief of 
the Guards

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
Descriptor: I am a skilled hunter. I have no qualms 
about doing whatever is needed. I want to enjoy a good life 
without working so hard.

Agenda: I understand how the world works and who 
really runs the Dubois household. Pleasing Elizaveta is the 
best way to maintain my status.

Gift - Veteran: Vincent is skilled in taking advantage 
of any situation. When he has the support of at least two 

121



Durfort Village
Descriptor: A rich and prosperous place thanks largely to the 
previous baron, Patrick Dubois. 4 Marcel the Time-Waster
When the Hunters roam Durfort, roll 1 die in each Scene to see OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
who they will meet: Descriptor: I frequently wander the town and may be found 

1 anywhere. Once, I saw a young girl at the Oak Glade, but no 
Anne the Little Chatterer one believed my story because I am too young.

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
Descriptor: 5 Corinne the Housekeeper

 Lady Elizaveta has instructed me to keep her 
informed about what is being said in town. I do my job as a spy OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
because I don’t want her to stop giving me gifts. Descriptor: I know all rumors in the village, partly because 

2 I start most of them myself. I’m easily offended and I love 
 Nicholas the Huntsman receiving gifts.

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
Descriptor: 6 Didier the Grumpy Old Man 

 I know the ferocity of wolves and I can’t wait to 
show off in front of Baron Gerard. OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

3 Descriptor: I hate all foreigners and I miss the old baron. He 
 Genevieve the Chemist knew how to stand up for himself. Not like that lax Gerard who 

even married a foreigner!
OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: I escaped from a past full of witchcraft and deceit. 
I know how to summon spirits and talk with them.

122



The Great Gévaudan Forest
Descriptor: A huge expanse of trees and natural ravines. Home to animals and fairy creatures.

The Oaks Glade
Descriptor: A small green area just over an hour from The Old Cemetery
Durfort. The glade is a place of arcane power in the middle 

of the great Gévaudan forest. Descriptor: A small cemetery with rusty gates and s
s t
m on

a e
ll  

, t
 o
a m

ba b
n s.

d  
o A

Gift - Fairyland: Any action that has to do with magic n  
ed church lends a gloomy aura to the place.

receives 1 extra Success within the small glade. This place 

absorbs energy from living things. For every hour you stay When Hunter
1 s
-  

2 w
: ander through the cemetery, roll a die:

there you must spend 1 Soma or receive 1 fatigue Wound.
 A small hidden path leads to an abandoned

E  
li w

za e
v ll

e , 
ta w

 h h
a e
s r
 e
t  
hrown an old earthenware pendant th

m at
a  
d Is

e k
 f r

o a
r  
 o
h n

er c
 e
a  

When the Hunters arrive at the glade, roll a die to see who 
s a gift.

they will meet: 3-4
1-3: : Armand, an old, rich wine and spice mercha

 The glade is empty, but there are traces of wolves and n
h t,

u  
r a
r r
y ri

 v
at e

 s
t  
h i

e n
  
c a
e  
metery. The wolves are following him. Roll a d

the bones of devoured prey. After ten minutes, 8 Black ie:
1  

Wolves arrive and ambush the Hunters. -3: 8 Black wolves.

4-5: A pack is at the glade: Greskar + 8 Black Wolves. 4-5: 8 Black wolves + Greskar. 

6: Iskra is at the glade, alone if it is daytime or with the 6: 8 Black wolves + Iskra.
pack (4-5 result, but without Greskar) if it is nighttime. 5-6: A group of bandits is traveling through
As a modifier:  Gévau

 if it is night, add 2 to the roll. i d
ll a

e n
ga , 

l c
 g ar

a r
m yi

e n
. g

J  
ozef, their leader, is a former lover of 

k E
n l

o iz
w av

s e
t t
h a

e  
 a
w n

o d
m  

an’s past. The bandits want to stop in
b  

u to
t w

w n
it  

h to
o  

u r
t e
 s
a t
t ,
t  
racting attention from the authorities.

123



The Wolves’ Lair ASonrarsotawzfiual  tShpei rit
Descriptor: A large, natural cave full of tunnels and 

small chambers, less than three hours from Durfort. 
OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

During the day the den is full of resting wolves, but at 

night it is almost always empty.

Gift - Defense Lair: Moving into the lair without Descriptor: I am a restless spirit, bound to the memory of 

masking your scent will cause the beasts to quickly my granddaughter. My condition as a spirit does not allow 

become alert. At the start of each Scene spent in this me to communicate with the living except through dreams, 

place, you must pass a Medium OL Defense roll. If you whispers, and visions.

fail, 1d6 (2d6 if it is daytime) black wolves arrive. Agenda: Preventing further harm to Iskra and find a way to 
save my granddaughter’s soul.

As the Hunters explore the lair, roll a die at each Scene 

to see what they will encounter, or present the rooms in Gift - Spirit: Anastazia is a spirit and can only be damaged 
by magic. She may appear in a dream to a target, who may 

ascending order:
1-2: Iskra’s personal den. It is clear that this space is resist with a Defense Check or accept contact voluntarily. 

occupied by a little girl. Drawings on the walls depict The target suffers 1 Wound from stress but will receive from 

a mother and daughter holding hands. They are drawn Anastazia a vision of a present or past event with a barely 
whispered phrase.

in blood.

3-4: A prisoner that is too badly injured to move. Gift - Loving Grandmother: Anastazia always follows 

Depending on what has happened thus far, he may be Iskra and protects her from danger. Thanks to her strong 

one of the inhabitants of Durfort (see the Village table) will, she can interact with the material world by moving 

or one of the encounters at the Old Cemetery that hasn’t objects and manipulating the environment, even inflicting 
a Wound on a target. If a subject is likely to help save her 

already been triggered. granddaughter, Anastazia will simply fill their mind with 

5: A large cave full of bones and human corpses. memories of her.

6: A long underground tunnel leading from the Den to 

the old well in Dufort’s main square.

124 IskIrsakra



Red-Hood Iskra
Greskar the OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (4 Wounds)

B Descriptor: I possess the strength and agility of a wolf. I 
hide my face with a rudimentary wooden mask that I made 

Wigo lBf lack 
with my own hands. I wear a threadbare red cape, the 
last gift from my mother.

Agenda: To unleash her animalistic fury 
OL Medium 5 – Main NPC  on Elizaveta and anyone who defends 

(4 Wounds) her. Taking revenge on my mother has 

Descriptor: I am a huge, mighty become an obsession for me.

werewolf. I have to constantly prove my Gift - Wolf’s Blood: Iskra is 
strength to stay the alpha of the pack. moved by an animalistic fury 

Agenda: that allows her to act twice in 
 Protect Iskra and devour as 

the course of an Exchange.
many humans as possible.

Gift - Big Wolf: Greskar is an enormous Gift - The Senses of a 
black wolf, as big as a horse. When he Wolf: Iskra’s sense of smell 
grabs someone with his jaws, in addition has become infallible. The 
to inflicting a Wound, he can drag or little girl will always be able to 
hurl them away as if they were a rag doll. identify someone if she knows 
Once per Scene, Geskar’s bite can inflict their scent, ignoring all kinds 
1 additional Wound. of disguises and even magic.

Gift - The Wolf’s Smell: Greskar’s 
sense of smell is infallible. The big wolf 
will always be able to identify someone if 

IskIrsahe knows their scent, ignoring all kinds 

kof disguises and evren magic. a 125



Blackk Waro’slves of Story Events
Gres  Pack In this Scenario, there are six main Events. As Storyteller, feel 

free to create new ones in response to the actions of the Hunters.

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) If the raids of the wolves are not stopped in one day: 
Descriptor: We are fierce black wolves, we hate many of Gerard’s soldiers will be eliminated, victims of a much 
humans and obey only our pack leader. more intense attack than those that have occurred so far, taking 

place at the gates of the palace. After the furious assault, the 
Agenda: Follow without hesitation every order city’s defenses will be reduced to a minimum and it will be very 
from the pack’s alpha. easy for Iskra to break into the Dubois palace under the cover of 

Gift - The Power of the Pack: Any action darkness.

taken while being engaged by two or more Wolves If a Hunter finds Iskra’s pendant in the well: Anastazia 
receives 1 Penalty. will contact them, showing them a vision of Iskra as a child 

drinking at the Oaks Glade. The spirit of Iskra’s grandmother, 
while unable to communicate directly, will try to make the 
Hunters understand that Iskra is not a monster.

If Elizaveta goes out of town for any reason: Iskra will 
immediately smell her scent and rush to eliminate her regardless 
of any risk. Confronted with her mother, the little girl will lose all 
restraint and refuse to listen to reason.

If Iskra is captured: the wolf pack led by a furious Greskar 
will launch a tremendous attack on Durfort. Elizaveta will try to 
eliminate her daughter with a powerful poison.

If Iskra is killed: Anastazia’s spirit will turn on her murderer, 
sending visions of Elizaveta trying to wash the blood of a dead 
child from her hands.

If someone accuses Elizaveta: Gerard will deny everything 
out of fear and shame, invoking concrete and irrefutable 
evidence. Elizaveta, for her part, will play the role of the victim, 
always trying to highlight the danger posed by the wolves.

126



Scenario Gifts and you dream of devouring her. Once per Scene, you can 
spend 1 Soma to know exactly where she is. If you anticipate 

These Gifts represent special abilities related to the her and arrive somewhere before her, you get 1 Additional 
Red-Hood Iskra Scenario and can be acquired once the Success on every Check you make to hurt or devour that 
conditions are met. A Hunter can only acquire one Scenario little morsel. You can’t wait to swallow that tidbit and it 
Gift. If they buy a new one during an Interlude, they will makes you let your guard down. As long as she is present 
have to forgo the previous one. in the Scene, you receive 1 Penalty in all Defense Checks.

Voice of the Spirits The Scenario Red-Hood 
Requirement:    You have come into contact with the Gift 
Spirit. Iskra in Scenes
By calming your mind and concentrating, you can open 
your mind to the spiritual world and communicate with 
restless souls. Spend 1 Soma to contact a creature with the FIRST SCENE – Dinner with 
Spirit Gift you’ve previously encountered. You do not suffer 
the Wound caused by the stress of spiritual connection. 1 Gerard Dubois
Wolf-killer It’s the same one you find on page 120.

Requirement: End of Scene: Gerard asks the Hunters to look for traces 
 Having faced the wolves in a fight at least of the Wolves by sending them to the Old Cemetery, 

once. where the first massacre took place. Continue to SECOND 
You know how to deal with the fiercest of wolves and are SCENE - The old cemetery.
careful not to be surrounded. When you obtain at least a 
Standard Outcome on a Position or Defense Check against SE
a p C

ac O
k o N

f be D
ast  

s, S
 y C

ou E
ca N

n im E
m  

e –
d  

ia Th
tely e

el  
i o
m l

in d
at  

e 1 Minor 
animal NPC with 1 Wound. cemetery 2
Where are you going all alone, Read aloud to the Hunters: The old cemetery of Durfort 

lies just over ten
s  

w min
e u

e te
t s’
i  
e w

? al
 k
(  
S fr

p om
e  

c th
i e
a  t

l o
 w
G n

i .
f  W
t f it

o h 
r th

 G e 
arou the constant threat of wolves, it is now totally abandoned. Beyond 

Old Wolf) the old rusty gate, you can see many weathered gravestones, 
a small church, and an old well whose wooden planks have 
recentl

R y b
e e

q e
u n

i  d
r i

e s
m ma

e n
n tl

t e
: d.
 To meet Iskra alone in the forest. Place: The old cemetery of Durfort in the middle of the 

You are attracted to the little girl who pretends to be a wolf large Gévaudan forest. It is reached by a narrow, dirt path 

127



that winds its way through the woods from the main road. inhabitants (see Durfort Village table) will approach the 

Time: Hunters to interact. At the palace, Vincent will greet the 
 It is early morning, the sun is high on a clear winter characters by asking them how it went at the cemetery, 

sky. gathering information for a report to Elizaveta. Gerard, 
Information: In the cemetery, there are many wolf once he hears the Hunters’ report, will hesitantly ask about 
tracks. In the middle of them are the prints of two small their next move. Elizaveta will try to learn what the Hunters 
bare feet, almost certainly a little girl. At the bottom of have discovered, showing excessive interest if the pendant 
the old well can be found the pendant that Elizaveta tried is shown.
to make disappear. The wolves’ tracks lead deep into the 
forest, to their den. Anastazia will contact the Hunter who End of Scene: Hunters can either look for the wolves’ 
recovered the pendant, sending them a vision of Elizaveta lair (THIRD SCENE OPTION B - On the Wolves’ Trail) 
trying in vain to wash her bloodstained hands. or ambush Iskra while remaining in the city (FOURTH 

SCENE - Surprise Attack).
End of Scene: Hunters can decide whether to return 
to the town to report (THIRD SCENE OPTION A - THIRD SCENE OPTION B – 
Reporting) or follow the trail to the wolves’ den (THIRD 

3a 3b
SCENE OPTION B - On the Wolves’ Trail). On the Wolves’ Trail
THIRD SCENE OPTION A – Read aloud to the Hunters: Following the tracks 

in the forest is not easy and several times you risk getting 
Reporting lost. Eventually, the tracks lead to a large natural cave that 

disappears into the darkness underground.
Read aloud to the Hunters: Now that you see Durfort in Place: The lair of the Black Wolves. Traces of the pack are 
broad daylight you realize how large the village is and how it clearly visible outside.
is slowly expanding, so much so that it could almost be called 
a city. Trade flourished in Dufort under the old baron’s rule, Time: Crossing the forest takes more than half a day.
but now all that is threatened by the savage beasts lurking in 
the nearby forest. Information: Depending on whether it is day or night, 

Place: consult The Wolves’ Lair to see who the Hunters will meet. 
 Along the streets of the village, men and women go In the lair, it will be possible to discover traces of Iskra and 

about their daily business. Their somber glances betray the information about her. If freed, the village prisoner will tell 
fear that runs through the population. the Hunters, in great detail, of a little girl, masked and in 

Time: a threadbare red cloak, that is the leader of the wolf pack.
 It is late morning, just over an hour until noon, and 

the whole village will stop to have a frugal lunch.

Information: End of Scene: While the Hunters are in the lair, Iskra, 
 Along the streets of the village, two of the Greskar, and the remaining wolves of the pack launch an 

128



attack on Durfort, decimating Vincent’s men. The Hunters 
may arrive in the middle of the battle or when the fight FIFTH SCENE – Which Side 
is almost over. Continue to FOURTH SCENE - Surprise Are You

4 Attack.  On? 5
FOURTH SCENE – Surprise Read aloud to the Hunters: The Dubois 

v p
e a
ri l

t a
a c

b e
l  
e i
 s
s  
la a

u  
ghterhouse. It seems that a whole pa

Attack h c
a k

s  
 o
r f
u  w

n o
 l
r v
a e

m s 
pant, destroying as they went. Wh

E en
li  

z y
a o

v u
e  
t h
a’ e

s a
c r
r  
y, you rush in

Read aloud to the Hunters: to the great hall wh
d er

in e 
n y

e o
r u
 w  h

h a
e d
n  

 The cries of the townspeople  you first arrived. In front of you
mingle with the howls of the wolves, while large feral figures E , 

l a
iz  

a t
v er
e r
ta ifi

 e
i d
s  

confronting a little girl covered i
b n

l  
o m

od u
. d
 Th  a

e n
 l d

dart through the alleyways in the moonlight. Using a secret it  
tle girl bares her teeth like a wolf, bu

c t
r  s

passageway, the pack launched a furious attack on the y h
s e
ta  h

l a
b s

l  
u th

e e
 e  

yes of her mother.
Dubois mansion. Place: The ceremonial hall of the D
Place: ubois fam

pa il
l y
a ’
c s
e  g
. rand 

 The village of Durfort, doors barred and terrified 
villagers fleeing through the streets. Time: Time for a showdown.
Time: It is night, but a full moon high in the sky illuminates 
the village with a gloomy white light. End of Scene: Elizaveta will ask the Hunte

I r
s s
k  

r f
a o
, r
 o  h

n e
 t lp

h .
e  

Information: There’s no mercy in the wolves’ fury and  other hand, after a moment of sur
n p

e r
w is

c e
o  a

m t 
e t
r h
s e

many villagers will be devoured alive if the Hunters don’t ,  
is ready to die in order to have her

h  
e r
 e
i v
s e

s n
ti g

ll e
 .
a  
l I
i f
v  

save them. At the head of his men, Vincent tries to repel e, Greskar’s howling will hint that 
w th

il e
l  
 b
ar ig

r  
i w

Greskar and his wolves, but he will not fight to the death. ve o
 a lf

n  
y moment. If someone has made a

w  c
i o
t n
h n

 h e
e c
r t
, i
 o
A n

n  
Iskra, meanwhile, has snuck into the palace in search of her astazia will intervene with a vision

H  t
u o

n  h
te e

r lp
s  

r t
e h
a e
l  
ize

mother.  who in the room is truly the monster.

End of Scene: However the battle goes, the Hunters arrive 
at the palace to find a terrified Gerard fleeing the scene. 
The nobleman tells them that a small, furious creature 
has broken into the palace and is now hunting down his 
beloved bride. It’s time for a showdown. Go to FIFTH 
SCENE - Which Side Are You On?

129



Otimncee… upon a 
The Hunters arrive in Sinalunga, a small 
town in the Grand Duchy of Tuscany where 
a gruesome discovery has been made. Not 
far from the town, the mutilated corpses of 
ten people were found in an old well,  solving 
almost all of the many disappearances in 
recent months that have made the area 

Of Flesh the epicenter of macabre rumors and tales. 
The Papacy, determined to clarify what 
happened, fears that there is an ancient 
esoteric practice behind the killings, one 
that involves the sacrifice of innocent 
souls. Once be

and Wood fore Sinalunga had been 
the setting of a terrible story: the noble 
Azzurra De Baciocchi was accused of 
witchcraft for sacrificing young women 
in search of eternal youth, and burned at 

A Scenario inspired by the stake in 1513. The task of the Hunters 
will therefore be to understand what lies 

Pinocchio (Carlo Collodi) behind the many disappearances now 
afflicting Sinalunga. 

Safety Keywords:  
Blood sacrifices / Mutilation / Body Horror

130



T After the discovery of the well, Antonio and Geppetto fled 
the old carpenter’s workshop they used as a laboratory and 

uhs eh setroer…y that led took refuge in Villa Cilesterino, an old abandoned manor 
house not far from Sinalunga. Here the two alchemists met 
the spirit of Azzurra, the ancient owner of the villa, who 

T wanders in this world longing for past glories. The gullible 
pair did not hesitate to tell her the whole story. Azzurra 
deceived them in turn, animating the mannequins with her 

wo old alchemists, Antonio and Geppetto, have powers and convincing Geppetto and Antonio that their 
worked on a magic oak tree, hoping to obtain the fantastic research was heading in the right direction. Azzura’s spirit 
ingredients required to uncover the secret of eternal life. now needs to find Carlo and take advantage of the fairy 
They were led to the supernatural discovery by an ancient magic that animates him, using it to bring herself back to 
text in their possession, which revealed the alchemical life.
formula for unending life, the key component being a body 
made of enchanted wood. 
The mystical material would bestow immortality, but to live 
among men without frightening them it must be covered in The story at the arrival of the 
flesh. In the course of their experiments, the two alchemists 
were astonished to discover that the magical oak had a life Hunters…
of its own. Animated by the power of fairy magic, whose Carlo escaped from the old carpenter’s shop and is now in 
only purpose is to bedevil humans, this piece of wood Sinalunga. Every morning, thanks to the power of his lies, 
could bring lies to life. he disguises himself as a real child. Carlo has even begun 
 attending school, where he met Lucino, a loyal and studious 
To prove it, the enchanted oak turned into a living, wooden child who took a liking to the living puppet. At Villa 
puppet named Carlo, who by his nature could not help but Cilesterino, Antonio continues his experiments, animating 
deceive Geppetto and Antonio about the veracity of their more and more mannequins that he wraps in human flesh 
theories. Carlo, unable to speak even a single word of truth to make them look like ordinary people. Azzurra’s magic 
to the two alchemists, convinced them that the rite they completes the “miracle” by combining flesh and wood, 
searched for required harnessing a person’s soul inside a thereby creating servants to do her will. Geppetto, tricked 
wooden body. Antonio and Geppetto then began to kidnap by Azzurra, has instead returned to Sinalunga, where for 
the poor and desperate around Sinalunga, torturing and days he has been desperately trying to track down Carlo 
flaying them alive according to Carlo’s instructions. After a and take him back to his mistress. 
few weeks, horrified by the situation he unwillingly created, 
Carlo escaped to the city. 

131



1First Scene ◆	 The bodies found had their skin flayed off. It seems that 
the killer wanted only the skin and muscles of their 
victims, but not the organs and entrails.

Read aloud to the Hunters: Speaking with Vincenzo, the Hunters will discover that the 
 You have recently arrived two farmers he was questioning are Lapo and Cino, the 

in Sinalunga. The small town is bustling with activity and ones who found the well. The two were reluctant to talk 
no one seems to have noticed your presence. However, in because at the time of their discovery they were hiding at 
the eyes of the city’s inhabitants you clearly see a darkness, the well to eat some bread they had stolen from the bakery. 
reflecting the horror that has recently been discovered... The two know very little and Vincenzo will make it clear 
You notice a man in military uniform, intent on talking to that they are not the sharpest knives in the drawer.
a couple of peasants who are dragging a large pig with an 
injured leg. The two townspeople look puzzled at the officer, 
and from their disinterested expressions, you understand that Vincenzo Carabiniere
they can’t wait to get back on the road and leave the insistent OL Medium 5 - Main NPC (3 Wounds)
investigator behind. The Order is in close contact with the 
Grand Duchy of Tuscany, so the officer should be aware that Descriptor: I am a loyal soldier and I always try to do my 
a group of Hunters is arriving in town. Could he be an ally in best to help others. Given my integrity, my superiors keep me 
your investigation? away from battlefields.

Place: The road that crosses the whole town of Sinalunga. Agenda: Find out what lies behind the disappearances in 
The townspeople are hard at work, trying to finish all their Sinalunga.
chores before dinner.

Time: It is less than an hour before sunset and the low, Sinalunga
intensely red sun illuminates the surrounding hills, full of Descriptor: A small town in the Tuscan hills. Thanks to its 
vineyards. famously delicious wine, many in the town manage to have a 

Initial situation: good standard of living.
 The Hunters have arrived in the 

town of Sinalunga. They already have various pieces of 
information regarding the incident and they know where By wandering around town and talking to the inhabitants, 
the old well, and makeshift morgue, is located. In front of the Hunters can get some information. The fear that 
them, Vincenzo Carabiniere, the military officer, is also at an intervention by the Grand Duchy could upset life in 
work to unravel the murder mystery. Sinalunga means the inhabitants are reluctant to speak to 

Information: anyone other than the authorities. Only Lapo and Cino, 
 What the Hunters already know. who are not particularly bright, won’t hesitate to talk with 

◆	 The well is a ten-minute walk from the town and was the Hunters, though only with the promise of a reward.
part of an old manor estate called Villa Cilesterino.

132



◆	 When going down into the well, however, there are still 

Threat - Distrustful Inhabitants some remains and traces of blood. 
◆	 On the bottom, it is possible to find a carpenter’s chisel 

OL Medium 5 that Geppetto lost while moving the corpses. 

Descriptor: We don’t want to attract too much attention 
to Sinalunga, so we’re reluctant to talk to foreigners. Nobody The Gambero Rosso Inn
here wants to lose what they have gained through years of Descriptor: A small and cozy tavern, full of bottles of good 
hard work. wine.
Information from the townspeople: Information: 
Roll a die or pick from the list.

◆	 1-2: ◆	 Speaking with the innkeeper, a big fat man named 
 10 people have been found, but 11 went missing. Duccio, the Hunters will learn that Villa Balocchi is a 

Nino’s body is still missing. He is Mastro Antonio’s place steeped in sin, where men and women gamble 
apprentice carpenter. Antonio is known as Mastro and entertain themselves in shady encounters. 
“Cherry” Ciliegia because of his squat and red nose. 

◆	 3-4: Villa Cilesterino is haunted by the ghost of the During the evening, Geppetto is at the Gambero Rosso and 
old owner, Azzurra. She was burned at the stake for will not hesitate to play out his little rehearsed spectacle of 
witchcraft. the worried father for whoever shows up. Geppetto will 

◆	 5-6: The high standard of living in Sinalunga led to the describe Carlo as an annoying child with a pair of old, 
opening of Villa Balocchi, a tavern on the edge of town elegant shoes that Geppetto gave him for his first day of 
where one can find company as well as a comfortable school. 
bed. The tavern is managed by Amabile Burromo and 
is in open competition with the historic town inn, the 
Gambero Rosso (meaning “the Red Prawn”).

The Old Well
Descriptor: An old abandoned well in the middle of a 
dilapidated vineyard. A nauseating smell from the bottom of 
the well reminds anyone who approaches of the horror that 
it hides.

Information: 
◆	 The bodies have already been removed and burned to 

avoid infection and disease. 

133



Geppetto Gullible Alchemist 
Apprentice

OL Medium 5 - Main NPC (3 Wounds)
Descriptor: I am a poor man who has always been looking 
for a way to make a living. I learned the basics of alchemy 
from master Antonio.

Agenda: Pretend to be Carlo’s father and find him / Obtain 
the secret of eternal life, thanks to alchemy.

Gift - Improvised Alchemist: Geppetto can rely on 
a series of alchemical compounds contained in vials that 
he hides under a tacky yellow wig. When he throws a vial, 
roll a die: 1-2 Explosive: The liquid explodes on contact 
with the air, causing 1 Wound to everyone within thirty 
feet. Thick black smoke will engulf the whole area; 3-4 
Stench: A nauseating odor fills the air giving 1 Penalty to 
all actions within the area for the rest of the Scene; 5-6 Air 
Bomb: All subjects in an area of thirty feet are knocked 
back and fall to the ground. If they hit an obstacle they can 
suffer 1 Wound. Geppetto is immune to the effects of his 
alchemical concoctions.

The Old Carpenter’s Shop
Descriptor: Once the alchemical laboratory of Mastro 
Antonio, the carpenter’s shop was abandoned after the 
discovery of the corpses. 

Information: 
◆	 The place is a normal carpenter’s shop, abandoned for 

some time. The only element that catches the Hunters’ 
attention is a series of chisels on the wall, with one 

134



missing from the set. If the Hunters have recovered the 
chisel in the well they will see that it is the missing tool. Marionette 

◆	 Among other things of interest, the Hunters can find OL Easy 3 - Minor NPC (2 Wounds)
an old leather bag with some books for the local school. Descriptor: We are souls cursed by Azzurra in the wooden 

bodies of marionettes. We hate all living beings and want to 
At the back of the carpenter’s shop are the remains of a be destroyed to be free again.
hastily packed alchemical laboratory. On the wall, there 
are two human-sized wooden mannequins, skillfully Agenda: Attacking every human we meet.
made but stained with blood and decomposing skin. These 
are Marionettes, the first two produced by Antonio and Gift - Boundless Rage: Azzurra’s power animates and 
Geppetto’s experiments, later animated by Azzurra’s magic. forces the Marionettes to do evil acts. When a Marionette 
The Marionettes will spring on the Hunters as soon as they suffers the last Wound it will immediately spring on the 
get close. enemy with incredible momentum as Azzurra’s power 

compels them one last time. The Marionette can take a 
final action with OL Hard 7. This action must be aimed at 
harming a living being.

The School
Descriptor: A small school for the studious children of 
Sinalunga. Jolly voices and shouts cover the lamentation of 
a dispirited teacher.

Information: 
◆	 The school is open in the morning and brings together 

all the town’s children who want to learn something. 
The situation is clearly out of control and the teacher, 
a young academic from Florence, does not know what 
to do. 

◆	 The school is attended by Carlo who, however, appears 
as an ordinary child. In fact, he does not correspond 
to the description that Geppetto may have given. The 
old shoes on his feet are the only clue that the Hunters 
may notice.

135



Carlo The Living Villa Balocchi

Puppet Descriptor: A beautiful and sumptuous inn, recently 
refurbished.

Information: 
◆	 Amabile hosts little Carlo, making him sleep in a small 

OL Medium 5 - Main NPC (3 Wounds) back room. 

Descriptor: ◆	 The Puppet pays the greedy innkeeper with stones 
 I am a puppet animated by fairy magic. The which he temporarily turns into gold coins with his 

lies I tell become reality for a short time. powers. Throwing the coins into a safe in his room, the 
Agenda: Living a carefree life without responsibility / I don’t innkeeper hasn’t yet noticed the Puppet’s trick. 
want to abandon Sinalunga and my new friend Lucino, but ◆	 During the afternoon and evening, Carlo is at Villa 
I’m always afraid that Geppetto and Antonio will catch me. Balocchi and can be found playing with Lucino or 

Gift - Lies: pretending to study.
 Carlo can bring the lies he tells to life 

by creating a Descriptor that allows him to 
perform incredible feats. All lies must be Amabile Burromo
centered on him. For example: I can walk OL Medium 5 - Minor NPC  
through walls or I am invisible to the human (1 Wound)
eye. The effects of the lies’ power are literal. 
For this reason, Carlo would not be able to Descriptor: I am a skilled business owner 
go through a closed door and he would be and I manage my inn without delegating 
seen by animals. The effect of Lies lasts for 1 anything to anyone. I trust myself only.
Scene or until a new lie is told. Agenda: To make profitable deals, 

without worrying about scruples.
Lucino - The Good Friend

OL Medium 5 - Minor NPC  
(1 Wound)

Descriptor: I am a dutiful and studious child 
who can’t wait to learn a trade to help my family.

Agenda: Help Carlo become a responsible 
child / Work to help adults who behave well 
and follow the law.

136



Medoro The Old Bear

CViillel OL Medium 5 - Minor NPC (4 Wo
D u

e n
s d

cr s)
iptor: I am a deformed old bear th

fu a
r t
.  
 h
A a

z s
z  
u lo

r s
r t
a  a

 t l
r l
e  i
a t

t s
s  
 me like her faith

D sas t fu
e l d

c o
r g 

i a
p n

t d
o e  

r I 
: rino serve a

h m
er  happy to 

 .
A  I 

n h
 a
o v

ld e 
 r
a e

b ta
a i

n n
d e

o d
n  m

ed o
 s
m t o

a f
n  m

or y
 h  b

p o e
la u st

n s i
e a

ts . m l 
 W s

y t
 r
a e

g n
e g
. th, despite 

ha e
v e
e d
 s
c  a
o n
ve d

r  
ed everything, while the

a  
b l

a a
n rg

d e
o  

n g
e a
d r

 d
to en

 t  
h i

e s
  
passing of time.

Information: The Villa
◆	 Villa Cilesterino is divided i D

n e
to s

 c
3 r

 i
e p
n t

v o
ir r

o :
G n  A

a m  
rd e la

e n r
n t g

s e
, :

t   
h t m

h
e e a

V  nor house, once
n  

o fl
w am

 co b
v o
e y
r a
e n
d t

 ,
i  
n b

 d u
u t 

illa, and the Secret Labora
◆ t

	 o
A ry

z .
z  st and mold. 
urra is connected to the whole place an

b d
e  w
 aw ill

a  a
r l
e w
 o a Information: 

f y
 a s

n  
yone who ventures onto her property. ◆	 Azzurra is wandering around the Villa 

h an
es d

i  
ta w

te il
 l
t  
o n

 a o
p t 

Th p
e e

 G ar
a  a

r n
d d

D e  c

e n onfront intruder
◆ s

	 .
In the dining room, there is a 

s h
c u

r ge
ip  p

to ai
r n

: n t
o i

r n
t g
h  

 o
w n

a  
l t
l h
 e

d  
 A large ab ep

an ic
d ti

o n
n g

e  
d a

 g  
a w

rd h
e a
n le

  
w s

p h w
la e a

n re ll
ts  o

 fl w
o o

f w in
a e sh g 

ip a
. n

ll r
 k s 

i a
n n

d d
s   B  

y e
 n
lo ti

o r
k e 

grow. i
 ng behind the painting, the 

a H
ct u

iv n
a t
t e
e r
 s
t  
h c

Information: e a
 n
m  

echanism which opens the s
a e
c c
c r
e e
s t 
s d

  t o
h o

e r
 S  t

e o
c  
ret Laboratory.

◆	 The Garden is gu ◆
a 	
r Th
de e

d  
 re

b m
y a

4 in
 i

M ng
a  
r 4
io  M

ne a
o t r

t i
ld e o

s n
  e
M a t

e n te
d d s

o   c
r b o
o y vered in 

r h
o u

am m
 a
a n
r  
o s

u k
n in

d  
,  

a sick bear that Azz  
u th

rr e
a  V
 e i

n ll
he s a

l , bu
r a
 v

p ed t they only act 
o o

r n
d  

e A
rs z

. zurra’s 
o  

w w
e i
r t
s h
.  

Wandering around the 
i G
m a

m rd
e e
d n

i  
at w

el i
y ll

  
alert the guardians.

137



Azzurra The Spirit of the Witch who 
Spurns Death

OL Hard 7 - Main NPC (3 Wounds)
Descriptor: I am the spirit of an old and powerful witch. My powers allow 
me to summon the souls of the dead and bind them to my will. 

Agenda: To come back to life thanks to Carlo’s power.

Gift - Ancient Spirit: Azzurra’s body is immaterial and can only be 
damaged by magic. Azzurra can interact with the world by evoking the souls 
of the dead, choosing between various effects. 1. Poltergeist: Throw up to 
3 objects at once. The force with which the objects are thrown is such that 
they can cause a Wound. 2. Cacophony of the Dead: Frighten everyone 
with the agonized voices of the damned. Anyone who hears the cacophony 
must pass a Defense Check or lose 2 Soma points. 3. Possession: Take 
possession of a target’s body and cause them to perform a single action, 
albeit not a self-destructive one. Azzurra must change the spirits’ effect with 
each action and must use all three before she can use an effect again.

The Secret Laboratory
Descriptor: The cellar of Villa Cilesterino, converted into an alchemical 
laboratory by Antonio. The smell of wine and mold is unbearable.

Information: 
◆	 Antonio continues his research under Azzurra’s guidance. This led him 

to create a magical brazier in which Carlo is to be burned.
◆	 Nino, the carpenter’s apprentice, is tied to a table, alive but with his legs 

now ruined by Antonio’s slow flaying. Azzurra wants him kept alive, as 
she needs innocent blood for the rite.

138



Antonio Ciliegia 
Gullible Alchemist

OL Medium 5 - Main NPC (3 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am an old alchemist who has never discovered 

anything concrete. Despite my skills and my experience, luck 

is never on my side.

Agenda: Obtaining the secret of eternal life thanks to 

alchemy. 

Gift - Unlucky Alchemist: Antonio can rely on a series 

of alchemical compounds contained in vials that he hides 

in his tunic. When using a vial he rolls 1 die. On a 5 or 

6 something goes wrong and Antonio suffers 1 Wound 

due to his proverbial bad luck. 1. Fire: The target and the 

surrounding area catch fire. All targets involved suffer 1 

Wound. If the fire is not extinguished, burning targets 

suffer 1 Wound per action. 2. Thunder: The target 

is knocked over thirty feet away and ends up on the 

ground. If they hit something they will suffer 1 

Wound. 3. Glue: an adhesive compound that 

quickly solidifies in the air. The target will be 

paralyzed until the compound is removed. 

The Glue can take 2 Wounds.

139



Events of the Scenario Exclusive Scenario Gifts
These Gifts represent special abilities related to the Flesh and 

In this Scenario, there are six Events. As a Storyteller, feel Wood Scenario and can be acquired once the conditions 
free to create new ones in response to the actions of the are met. A Hunter can only acquire one Scenario Gift. If 
Hunters.
If the Hunters put pressure on Carlo: they buy a new one during an Interlude, they will have to 

 Lucino will forgo the previous one.
intervene to help his friend by giving him time to escape.

If the Hunters reveal their identity to Vincenzo: Marionettes’ Destroyer
the officer will be at their disposal, trying to help them 
whenever possible. Requirement: Defeat any Marionette or understand that 

they are souls imprisoned against their will.
If the Hunters meet Geppetto: the man will attempt to You know how to calm restless spirits by giving them 
play on their sympathies with the made-up story of the lost a proper greeting when their soul is freed. You are not 
son. Geppetto is not a genius, but neither is he stupid. If affected by the Boundless Rage Gift. Receive 1 Additional 
he understands who the Hunters really are, he will try to Success when defending against beings that are animated 
follow them to see if they find Carlo. or controlled by spirits or magic.
If the Hunters gain Carlo’s trust: the Puppet will 
reveal the truth. Geppetto and Antonio are to blame for A True Friend 
everything. The Puppet ignores that it is now Azzurra who 
runs things. Requirement: Gain Carlo’s trust despite all his lies.

If Geppetto is captured by the Hunters: Carlo understands that he can trust you and will run to 
 he will lead your aid if you need it. You can spend 1 Soma to have Carlo 

them to Villa Cilesterino, where his companion is. Geppetto appear in the Scene as your NPC ally. Carlo will use the 
will pretend to know nothing, aware that once they arrive, power of his lies to help you to the best of his ability.
Azzurra will get rid of the Hunters.

When Azzurra meets the Hunters: she will try to The Field of Miracles (Special Gift for The Fox 
deceive them by pretending to be a good spirit who tries 
to watch over the inhabitants of Sinalunga. Azzurra will and the Cat)
ask the Hunters to help her recover a magical Puppet, Requirement: Arrive in Sinalunga.
animated by a dark force that is devouring the souls of the You know Sinalunga well because it is where one of your 
poor townsfolk. secret shelters is located. Once per Scene you can spend 1 

Soma so you or another subject can leave the Scene and 
hide in the Field of Miracles. No one can find the exact 
location of the shelter. When you are at the Field, once per 
Session you can recover 1 Wound you have suffered. 

140



ngers in the air, still strong enough that it cannot be ignored.

FThlees Sh caennda Wrioo oodf li

 in Location: The old well on the edge of the Cilesterino estate. 
Time: The sun is now setting and it won’t be light

S  for m

c u

e ch 

nes longer.

Information: 
◆	 By descending into the well, the Hunters will find 

1 FIRST SCENE - Arrival In Geppetto’s chisel. 
◆	 Around the well there are traces of peopl

S e w
in hic

a h
l  t
u he

n n 
ga lead towards the abandoned villa.

It’s the same o E
n n

e d
 y  o

ou f 
 S
fin c

d e
 n
o e

n :
 p  Th

age e
  
1 H

3 u
2 n

. ters can decide to investigate the 
Old Carpenter’s Shop from which the chisel surely comes 

Information: (THIRD SCENE OPTION A - A
 t The Old Carpenter’s Shop) 

or follow the tracks to Villa Cilesterino (THIRD SCENE
◆  

	 Speaking with Vincenzo or the citizens, the Hunters OPTION B - Villa Cilesterino).
will discover that Villa Cilesterino is a place considered 
cursed. 

◆	 They’ll also discover th T
at H

 the I
 R
wel D

l w  
h S

er C
e t E

he N
cor E

ps  
e O
s PTION A - 

were found is located on the edge of the same estate as At The Old 
t C
he a

vi r
lla p

. enter’s Shop 3a
End of Scene: The Hunters leave in the direction of the Read aloud to the Hunters: From the outside, the 
old well to better understand what happened. If they want, workshop seems abandoned. A large sign outside sways, blown 
Vincenzo will accompany them. Go t by the wind. It reads “Mastro Antonio Ciliegia, Carpenter.” 

2 o SECOND SCENE - 
The Old Well. Apparently what they told you in the town is true. It seems 

that Antonio has left and closed up his business. 
SECOND SCENE - The Old Place: Mastro Antonio’s carpenter’s shop, a well-kept place 
Well that, on the inside, does not seem abandoned at all.

Read T
a i

l m
ou e

d : 
 t I

o t 
 t i

h s 
e n

 H ig
u h

n t 
t n
e o

r w
s:  and no inhabitants of Sinalunga 

 You find the old well after a wander the streets. The shutters in the windows flutter as 
ten-minute walk from the town. On the nearby hill, the old, prying eyes stare at the Hunters.
shabby silhouette of Villa Cilesterino looms over you like a 
dark shadow. The b I

o n
a f

r o
d r

s m
tha a

t t
 c io

lo n
se : 

d the well are uprooted and 
are now just laying across the top. The stench of death still ◆	 Upon entering the Old Carpenter’s Shop, the Hunters 

will come across the Marionettes on guard. Once the 

141



clash is resolved, the Hunters will be able to verify that who hides among the townspeople pretending to be a 
the chisel found in the well is just what is missing from real child named Carlo. Once captured and brought 
the wall rack. before her, Azzurra will use her power to banish the 

◆	 A school bag full of old books attracts their attention. evil spirit that animates him.
Among other things, they find an unsent letter ◆	 Azzurra’s intention is to deceive the Hunters, in the 
requesting enrollment for a boy named Carlo. hope that they will bring her little Carlo.

End of Scene: Hunters can go to Villa Cilesterino End of Scene: Hunters can also go to the Old Carpenter’s 
(THIRD SCENE OPTION B - Villa Cilesterino) or wait for Shop in search of clues (THIRD SCENE OPTION A - At 
the morning to go to FOURTH SCENE - The School. The Old Carpenter’s Shop) or wait for the morning to go to 

FOURTH SCENE - The School if they have already obtained 
THIRD SCENE OPTION B - the clues from the carpentry. 

Villa Cilesterino 3b
FOURTH SCENE - The School

Read aloud to the Hunters: As soon as you step into the 4
large garden of the abandoned villa you realize that what was Read aloud to the Hunters: The small school of 
once a magnificent garden is now nothing more than a thick Sinalunga welcomes no more than thirty students. A young 
mass of scrub and weathered stone statues. Your attention, teacher with the typical Florentine accent yells and gestures 
however, is attracted by a bestial verse, which materializes in in a vain attempt to get the unruly young scholars to settle 
the grotesque figure of a bear, but one without fur, the hairless down. But children run everywhere like ferrets, ignoring the 
skin pocked by who knows what disease. The creature sniffs disconsolate man’s calls. 
the air. After spotting you, it starts charging. 

Time: It is night and a cloud-veiled moon illuminates the Information: 
old marble statues in the garden with a gloomy glow. ◆	 Watching the children play, the Hunters will notice 

Information: that one of them has no school bag or books with him. 
 If asked about it, the teacher will say that the pupil is 

◆	 Medoro lashes out at the Hunters. Azzurra will called Carlo and that he is an orphan who comes to 
intervene at the end of the battle to ask the Hunters to school but has never been officially enrolled. The man 
spare the unfortunate creature she uses as a guardian. is not sure where he lives and what he does outside of 
Then, she will show them the Marionettes in the school.
garden, saying that in the town someone is carrying out ◆	 If a Hunter knows magic, they will sense that there is 
atrocious experiments on the townsfolk. Azzurra will something strange about the child.
tell the Hunters that everything started with a small ◆	 Carlo, sure of his disguise, plays with his friend Lucino, 
puppet animated by dark magic. Azzurra will ask for but as soon as the Hunters corner him he will try to 
the Hunters’ help. They should bring back the puppet escape using the power of his lies.

142



◆	 Once captured, Carlo will reveal the whole truth to ◆	 If the Hunters believe Carlo, Azzurra will try to kill 

the Hunters. The Puppet doesn’t know about Azzurra them in order to capture the puppet but will not 

but will speak of Geppetto and Antonio as two hesitate to flee if the situation turns for the worse. 
Antonio and Geppetto, abandoned by their mistress, 

unscrupulous killers.
will take refuge in the Secret Laboratory, trying to put 

End of Scene: up a last resistance to the Hunters.
 The Hunters have managed to capture 

Carlo. Whether they decide to believe him or not, it is clear 
that Villa Cilesterino is hiding a secret. Go to the FIFTH End of Scene: However it goes, the Hunters will have 

SCENE - Return to the Villa. Carlo’s fate in their hands and somehow, they will shed light 
on the disappearances that took place in Sinalunga.

FIFTH SCENE - Return to the 
Villa 5
Read aloud to the Hunters: When you arrive at the 
Villa you perceive a strange tension in the air. The weeds that 
had swallowed the garden are uprooted as if displaced by a 
supernatural force that has created a path for you. The door 
of the mansion is wide open, while from the broken windows, 
the dim light of the candelabra suggests that some kind of 
welcome is awaiting you.

Location: Villa Cilesterino and the Secret Laboratory in 
the basement, where Antonio and Geppetto carry out their 
grim experiments.

Time: It is just past noon, but the sky is full of clouds, 
giving a gloomy atmosphere to the abandoned villa.

Information: At this point, the story can go in two 
distinct directions.

◆	 If the Hunters trust Azzurra, the spirit will hand over 
Carlo to Antonio and Geppetto. The two will take 
refuge in the basement dragging the weeping puppet 
with them. At this point, Azzurra will order the 
Hunters to leave. If not listened to, she will try to get rid 
of them with the help of the Marionettes and Medoro, 
if it’s still alive.

143



Tthhee D Samrkilnee isns 
A Scenario inspired by The Little Match Girl (Hans Christian Andersen)
Safety Keywords: Murder / Revenge / Corpses / Religion / Burning Flesh

tOimncee… upon a 
The Hunters are sent to Paris, where someone 
has been setting fires in the city’s slums for 
weeks. At first, some assumed the radicals and 
agitators opposing the monarchy were to blame. 
However, many of the fires’ victims have been 
the poor and desperate living beneath the city 
in the catacombs, suggesting a different cause 
and drawing the interest of the Order. Father 
Adrien, a humble servant of the Church in the 
city, has reported rumors that speak of the eerie 
laughter of children and glimpses of strange, 
dark presences. Hidden in the shadows, these 
entities grab all those who have a soul to lose...

144



T The story at the arrival of the 
uhs eh setroer…y that led Hunters…

Yvonne is carrying out her revenge with methodical 

Y determination, killing one person every night. Only a 
young man named Olivier has escaped her attention and 

vonne was a ragged, little orphan who sold then she can pour out all her hatred on Adrien. If left 
candles as a way of surviving on the streets. The girl was unchecked, Yvonne plans to burn all of Paris, igniting the 
scorned by all, even by the poor of the city who had always Cemetery of the Innocents, full of rotting flesh and slime 
considered her only to be a burden. Little Yvonne found from the corpses crammed inside. With the wisdom of the 
compassion only in Father Adrien, a young priest who dead, Yvonne knows she will only be able to satisfy her need 
had always offered her a helping hand and a warm shelter for revenge during the passage of a comet called Morituris. 
from the cold Parisian winter. Unfortunately, one evening With the comet’s passage, the souls of the unquiet dead 
Yvonne discovered the laboratory where Adrien distills will fill with mystical energy, which Yvonne will be able to 
absinthe. The man, his sin discovered, strangled the girl channel into an inferno. The passage of the long-tailed star 
into unconsciousness. To hide his deed, Adrien set the little is scheduled for December 31, coincidentally the day the 
girl on fire and threw her remains in the catacombs. What Hunters arrive in Paris. Adrien understands that something 
was found the following day was a small, charred body with fearsome and dark is pursuing his flock of followers, which 
only one part left intact: the teeth, shining white and locked is why he wrote to the Order. The priest is sure that it all 
in a deathly grin. Many poor people in the city who depend has to do with Yvonne’s death, as every night he dreams 
on Adrien for a few pennies worth of work witnessed the and relives the moment he set the child on fire, before the 
scene, but they kept quiet so as not to lose the priest’s favor. vision widens to reveal the whole of Paris burning. Olivier, 
Thrown into a mass grave without ceremony, Yvonne was a barely eighteen-year-old boy in Adrien’s service, saw his 
reborn the following night as a spirit. Her vengeful ghost companion Thierry be burnt alive after Yvonne’s spirit 
now wanders in the darkness of The Catacombs of Paris, began to seek revenge. The young man confided in Adrien 
where she torments those who were silent at her murder but quickly realized that the priest would do nothing for 
with maddening laughter and vicious whispers. When him. He is now desperately trying to leave the city in a 
her quarry sparks a light to discover who is hiding in the hurry. Olivier doesn’t know that he is the next one on 
darkness, the spirit feeds the flame to set the victim afire. Yvonne’s list…
Yvonne is slowly burning alive all those who know her 
murderer and yet say nothing, one by one, saving Adrien A historical note: The Catacombs of Paris were born as 
for her grand finale. gypsum and clay quarries and only began to be used as a 

sepulcher starting in 1788. In our story, the government of 
Paris has already begun to work out future plans for the 
catacombs and this name has already spread among the 
citizens of Paris. It is worth noting also that, in reality, the 
Cemetery of the Innocents was closed in 1780 and emptied 
in 1786. 

145



1First Scene to be able to speak with the dead. Lorenzo was hired 
by the cemetery manager to investigate strange noises 
coming from the mass graves.

◆	 Adrien will be careful not to mention little Yvonne and 

Read aloud to the Hunters: the fact that she was the first victim to be found.
Our story begins in the small 

church of Saint Pierre, where Father Adrien welcomes you 
tiredly. The young priest has been in the service of the city The Church 
of Paris for just over a year, but already wrinkles caused by Descriptor: One of the oldest churches in Paris. An old 
worry and stress are starting to show. Adrien has the swollen passage directly connects the cellars where Adrien has his 
eyes of someone who hasn’t slept for days and his fatigue is workshop to the catacombs.
obvious as he guides you into the small sacristy. “You have 
finally arrived, Hunters. A hidden presence lurks beneath the 
whole city and I fear there is no hope of salvation without the Information: The church is not well maintained, but 
intervention of the Order...” welcoming. In the basement, there is a large cellar that 

Adrien has adapted into his laboratory. The smell of 

Place: absinthe is clearly recognizable to anyone who has the 
 The small church of Saint Pierre, one of the oldest slightest knowledge of distillation as soon as they set foot 

in the city. in the laboratory. A heavy trap door connects the cellars to 

Time: the catacombs and from there Adrien passes his loads of 
 It is late afternoon and the Hunters have arrived absinthe to his henchmen.

after a long journey.

Initial Situation: Adrien will tell the Hunters that he 
fears an evil spirit is haunting the catacombs. Many beggars Father Adrien
have been found burned alive. And, while in the wealthier OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds) 
parts of the city not a finger is raised for the lowest of society, 
Adrien has always welcomed and cared for them, and he Descriptor: I am a young priest who chose to take holy 
cannot allow this to go on. From interviewing the young vows to avoid a life of struggle. I am a scholar of alchemy and 
priest, the Hunters will learn the following information: distillation, but I do not shy away from the pleasures of life. 

◆	 The denizens of the catacombs insist a spirit wanders Agenda: Accumulate wealth through absinthe smuggling 
beneath the city, where many of the poor and desperate and then flee across the ocean to rebuild my life in the new 
sleep in the absence of a roof over their heads. The world.
presence manifests itself only at night, first with a 
childish laugh and then by whispering in the shadows.

◆	 A certain Lorenzo Scannapecore settled in the city 
cemetery. Lorenzo is an Italian doctor very famous for 
his unorthodox practices on corpses and who is said 

146



The Catacombs folks. Recently, several burned bodies have been found 
in the catacombs and for this reason, those who feel 
they are being followed by a strange presence prefer to 

Descriptor: A series of tunnels and galleries that extends douse torches and other flames.
under most of Paris. Over time, they have become a refuge 
for the poor and homeless.

Gift - A Tunnel for Everywhere: Using the The poor people of Paris
catacombs, it is possible to reach many places in 
the city through hidden openings or old buildings. OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
A Hunter who has a minimum of familiarity with Descriptor: We are the poor and desperate who have 
the place (that is, who has visited at least 1 of the no other home but the catacombs.
6 places presented below) can make a Position 
Check against an OL Medium 5 to arrive at a 
specific place in the city. When the Hunters interact with the poor, you can 

decide or roll a die to learn their history and what 
information they can give.

The catacombs are divided into environ-
ments that the Hunters can explore. You 1.  Marie lost all her children and her husband to 
can roll a die to see where they arrive or the war. She had grown fond of little Yvonne and 
simply decide the place when needed. weeps for the end she met.

1 - The Dormitories: 2.  Claude is a soldier who lost a leg in the war. 
 A He wanted to go into business with the Ravens 

series of tunnels and galleries that make who live in the east side of the catacombs, but 
up an old gypsum and clay quarry. they are all young and arrogant and have 
Connected to one of the city’s squares, turned down his offer.
poor and homeless people take refuge 
here to have a roof over their heads. By 3.  Brigitte is a little girl who lost her parents 
exploring the dormitories it is possible during the most recent plague. She knew 
to gather some information: Yvonne and occasionally went to sell candles 

◆	 In the catacombs, there are with her. She knows that Adrien had taken 
many scoundrels who engage in Yvonne into his service to do small jobs in the 
smuggling and illicit commerce. It sacristy.
is quite easy, especially at night, to 
come across one of these groups. 4.  Jerome is an old man who has almost 

◆	 Spirits roam the catacombs, though completely lost his sight. In the past, he was 
by the grace of God and with a a skilled goldsmith, until his blindness left 
little luck, they rarely trouble good him without a job. He will say that he heard 

147



the Ravens boast about the profits they made thanks 4 - The Ravens’ Hideout: This part of 
to an important customer. Their mysterious employer the catacombs is only frequented by scoundrels who had 
is someone who will never be suspected and who can business with Adrien. A couple of broken bottles of absinthe 
therefore provide goods in defiance of any authority. are scattered among some makeshift beds. To those with a 

5.  Bernadette is a youth who witnessed a murder and sensitive sense of smell, the scent of alcohol is still strong. 
is now wanted. She fears that the killer wants to make An old dagger and a wooden crucifix are the only other 
her disappear and shut her mouth for good. The young noteworthy details.
woman will tell of having encountered a strange 
presence in the catacombs. In terror, Bernadette threw Information: If the Hunters arrive here before sunset, they 
her torch to the ground and fled into the darkness. will find Olivier preparing his escape. When night falls, they 

6.  will find his charred corpse.
Bruno is an arrogant street boy, but he knows the 

catacombs like the back of his hand. He’ll boast that he 
can get anywhere, but he wants to get paid for it. Olivier the Raven on the run

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
2 - Yvonne’s Alcove: A small stone alcove with 
a bed of straw and rags. An old vase of withered flowers Descriptor: I’m a thug always looking to fill my pockets with 
indicates that no one has been using it for some time. If the coin, no matter how dirty the job.
Hunters ask around, a poor old woman will tell them that Agenda: Collect the money I have hidden in the catacombs 
a foundling named Yvonne slept there. The girl hasn’t been and flee far from Paris before the fire spirit finds me.
back for more than a week.

3 - The Tunnels: 5 - The Burns: Scattered through various tunnels, 
 It’s easy to get lost in large patches of ash indicate where the bodies of the burned-

the maze of intricate tunnels. alive victims were found. Under the ashes of Yvonne’s, it is 
Threat OL Medium 5 possible to find a small candle, miraculously untouched by 

Descriptor: the flames. During the day, Yvonne remains near the place 
 A dense network of tunnels where she burned, sadly absorbed in the memory of her 

that all look alike. death.
Getting lost in the Tunnels will force 

the Hunters to waste several hours 
before finding the exit.

148



Yvonne the Spirit who Longs for 
Revenge

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am a restless spirit who can manipulate fire.

Agenda: Get revenge on Adrien and all those who ignored 
my death / Set Paris ablaze with the fires of the dead.

Gift - Spirit: Yvonne is in a spirit form and can only 
truly be damaged by magic. The touch of a Spirit absorbs 
life energy and inflicts 1 Wound. Physical protection 
and barriers cannot help against this Gift. If the Spirit 
is harmed by non-magical means, she still will suffer a 
Wound. However, when Yvonne has no Wounds left, she 
disappears and rematerializes immediately. In doing so, all 
her Wounds are healed, except those inflicted by magical 
means. Once per Scene, Yvonne can call 3 Restless Spirits 
to her who will obey her will.

Gift - Soul of Fire: Yvonne can manipulate fire at will. 
This Gift only affects a fire that is already lit. Manipulating 
fire, for Yvonne, is considered an additional action. The fire 
inflicts 1 Wound and if the Defense Check is an Outcome 
with a Cost, the target will continue to burn. During the 
following Exchange, if not put out, the fire will inflict 
1 additional Wound. Thanks to her power, Yvonne can 
multiply the width and size of a flame by up to ten times.

149



6 - The Halls of the Spirits: In the most 
central part of the catacombs there is a great concentration 
of restless souls, who will not hesitate to target the living. The Cemetery

Descriptor: The great cemetery of Paris, protected by 

Restless spirits high walls and well-maintained thanks to the work of many 
custodians. Strange noises and a strong smell of death come 

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) from the mass graves.

Descriptor: Information: The cemetery is currently under the control 
 We are restless souls and yearn for the essence of Lorenzo Scannapecore, an Italian doctor hired by the city 

of the living. of Paris to manage the excessive number of corpses inside 
Agenda: We sense Yvonne’s wrath, driving us to prey on the the mass graves. Lorenzo has sent the cemetery keepers 
living. away with the excuse of requiring quiet for his studies. 

Gift - Spirit: However, that was only a ruse to secretly host Alizée, a nun 
 This NPC is in a spirit form and can only be he has fallen in love with and whom he keeps safe from the 

damaged by magic. The touch of a Spirit absorbs life energy severe judgment of the Church. Lorenzo’s intent is to wait 
and inflicts 1 Wound. Physical protection and barriers until the new year to embark with his beloved towards the 
cannot help against this Gift. If the Spirit is harmed by New World.
non-magical means, it still will suffer a Wound. However, 
when the Spirit has no Wounds left, it disappears and ◆	 Speaking with Lorenzo, the Hunters can learn about 
rematerializes immediately. In doing so, all its Wounds are the dire state of the mass graves of the cemetery, which 
healed, except those inflicted by magical means. in fact is about to explode due to the excessive number 

of decaying corpses. Lorenzo will appear strangely 

Information: nervous, looking wary. The man fears that the Hunters 
 If a Hunter communicates with Spirits may discover Alizée hidden among the tombstones.

through the Gift Voice of the Spirits, they will be able to ◆	 Lorenzo is also a good astrologer and will be able to tell 
learn of Yvonne’s presence. the Hunters about the passage of Morituris and how, 

according to the legend, this gives power to the spirits.
◆	 Alizée will observe the Hunters from behind some 

tombstones, trying not to be discovered. However, she 
will always remain nearby, ready to intervene to help 
her beloved.

◆	 Alizée will try not to reveal her abilities. When cornered, 
she may report that the spirits are very agitated, both 
due to the presence of a very powerful and hateful 
spirit among them, and due to the imminent passage 
of the comet.

◆	 Strange smells and noises come from the mass graves. 
Lorenzo will say that it is the dead bodies generating 

150



gas during decomposition. By opening one of the large 
hatches, it is possible to access the underground pit. The Underground Pit

◆	 Lorenzo has all the keys to open the hatches to access the Descriptor: A huge pit where the corpses of all those who 
underground pit. cannot afford a burial are thrown. Crowds of restless spirits 

throng among the inert bodies, invisible to mundane eyes.

Lorenzo Scannapecore the Gift - Mass of Restless Spirits: The pit accumulates 

Plague Doctor spiritual energy thanks to the passage of the comet Morituris. 
At the beginning of each Scene, there are 2 Grudge Tokens 

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) in the pit. An NPC with the Gift Spirit, Alizée with the Gift 

Descriptor: Spiritualist, or a Hunter with a Descriptor associated with 
 I am a skilled plague doctor. My attention to magic or spirits, can use their action to add or remove 1 

detail is obsessive. Token from the mass. If at midnight on December 31st there 

Agenda: are 3 Tokens in the pit, all the accumulated energy will cause 
 Pretend to work in the cemetery to protect Alizée a powerful explosion capable of wiping out half of Paris. 

from prying eyes. The passage of the comet will add 1 Token at the stroke of 
midnight. There can never be more than 4 Grudge Tokens on 

Alizée the Fugitive this Gift.

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)
Descriptor: Threat - Grudge of the Dead

 I am a young nun who repudiated her vows out 
of love. I have always been able to see spirits, though my ability Descriptor: We are the spirits of those who are dead and 
sometimes scares me. forgotten by all. We hate the living and their life energy, and we 

attack anyone who dares to approach the underground pit.
Agenda: Escape with Lorenzo to a place where we don’t need 
to fear the Church’s punishment. OL Hard 7

Gift - Spiritualist: Alizée can see and communicate with Gift - Chorus of the Dead: A powerful spirit cacophony that 
spirits. If anyone has been in contact with spirits in the past only those who perceive spirits or understand magic can hear. 
twenty-four hours, Alizée will sense the remaining spirit For everyone else, the chorus is nothing more than a terrible, 
energy. With each use of this Gift, the young woman can overwhelming feeling that prompts you to walk away. Anyone 
obtain a single piece of information about the spirit aura she wishing to act in the area where the choir can be heard will 
has perceived. The Spiritualist Gift can also be used to remove lose 1 Soma for each minute staying under its influence. If 
a Grudge Token from the Gift Mass of Restless Spirits. they do not have Soma, a subject will suffer a Wound until 

they faint. A Defense Check can shelter a subject for 1 minute 
from the effect of this Gift.

151



Scenario Gifts Scenario Events
These Gifts represent special abilities related to the Smile In this Scenario, there are eight Events. As a Storyteller, feel 
in the Darkness Scenario and can be acquired once the free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 
requirements are met. A Hunter can only have one Scenario Hunters.
Gift and if they acquire a new one, they will have to forgo 
the previous one. If the Hunters encounter Olivier in the catacombs 

before night falls: Yvonne will arrive before the 
Voice of the Spirits scoundrel opens his mouth to try and silence him by taking 

her revenge.
Requirement: You have been in contact with either the If the Hunters talk to more than two poor people 
Spirit or Spiritualist Gifts. in the catacombs: Yvonne will notice their presence and 
With the right peace and focus, you can open your mind will come to spy on them, trying to stay hidden.
to the spirit world and communicate with restless souls. 
Spend 1 Soma to contact any creature with the Spirit Gift If Olivier is not found before sunset: news of a new 
that you’ve previously encountered. You can communicate charred body will spread in the catacombs shortly after 10 
with the Spirit and understand what it says. pm.

If Olivier is saved by the Hunters:  he will tell of a 
Exorcist strange presence that has killed his companions. The 

scoundrel won’t make mention of his connections with 
Requirement: Have a Church or Magic-related Descriptor. Adrien and Yvonne unless put under pressure in some way.
Talk to Adrien or Alizée about practices used against Spirits. If Adrien is confronted with his faults:  he will 
You have learned how to use your skills against the Spirits. collapse in tears and ask for forgiveness. At this point, 
All your actions can affect a target who has the Spirit Gift he will reveal the recurring dream in which he sees Paris 
and all Wounds you inflict cannot be ignored by the Spirit burning on New Year’s Eve.
Gift. If the Hunters attempt to mediate with Yvonne:  the 

spirit will be willing to give up blowing up the graveyard, 
but not her revenge on Adrien.

152



The Scenario Information: Lorenzo will prove helpful to the Hunters, 
while Alizée will keep watch from behind a noble’s large 

The Smile in the tomb. Lorenzo will be visibly nervous, however, often 
looking over his shoulder at her. It’s simple to deduce that 
someone is hiding nearby.

◆	 Having discovered Alizée, the Hunters will know 
from her that the spirits are restless, due partly to the 
passage of the comet, but above all from the presence 

1 Darkness in Scenes
of a particularly angry spirit in the catacombs.

◆	 Lorenzo will confirm the passage of the comet 
FIRST SCENE – Father Adrien Morituris and how it charges the spiritual world with 

energy.
It’s the same one you find on page 146. ◆	 Towards the end of the interview, Father Adrien will 

End of Scene: arrive to warn the Hunters that another charred corpse 
 Adrien will suggest to the Hunters to speak has been found in the catacombs.

to Lorenzo Scannapecore, as he is an expert on the dead 
and ghosts. The doctor lives in the cemetery in Paris. Go to End of Scene: The Hunters rush to the 

2 SECOND SCENE - The Cemetery. catacombs to find out what happened. Go to 
THIRD SCENE - The Catacombs.

SECOND SCENE – The 3
Cemetery THIRD SCENE – The 
Read aloud to the Hunters: The Cemetery of the Catacombs
Innocents stretches as far as the eyes can see and is probably Read aloud to the Hunters: You go 
one of the largest you have ever seen. As you wander through 
tombstones and family mausoleums, a black-cloaked figure down in The Catacombs of Paris and what 
is busy fumbling among the tombs. The typical beak mask you see is a maze of narrow tunnels that 
identifies him as a plague doctor. The figure had been open onto small chambers and dark alcoves. 
occupied exhuming a grave, but now he puts down his shovel The stale smell mixes with the stench of 
and approaches you. unwashed, desperate people crowded into 

the narrow spaces. Apparently, those who 

Place: do not have a roof over their head can find a 
 The great cemetery of Paris. shadow of comfort under the city, effectively 

Time: It is late afternoon and the winter wind whistles disappearing from the sight and conscience of 
through the corridors of the cemetery. “respectable” people.

153



Place: The Catacombs of Paris.

Time: The sun has set and in the streets, the last workers 
hurry to return to their homes. 

Information: The Hunters explore the catacombs until 
reaching the place where Olivier was found. The body is still 
there, along with an intense burning smell. The expression FOURTH SCENE OPTION 
of sheer terror is still discernible on his charred features. If 
the Hunters have Alizée with them, the woman will sense A – The Confession 4a
Yvonne’s presence. Either way, the spirit will attack the 
Hunters with the support of 3 Restless Spirits. Yvonne’s goal Read aloud to the Hunters: You arrive at the church 
is to drive the Hunters out of the catacombs. looking for answers when Adrien’s cry breaches the 

◆	 Regardless of how the fight ends, the Hunters will be stillness of the night. When you open the door, the priest is 
approached by Marie, who witnessed the scene. The kneeling in the center of the aisle, his face covered in tears 
woman will reveal that the spirit is little Yvonne, a as he whispers, “Forgive me, please forgive me for what I 
foundling who lived by selling candles Father Adrien have done.” In front of him, the spirit of the little girl you 
had given her. The little girl has been missing for more faced in the catacombs floats ominously, while behind her, 
than a week and Marie was convinced she had gone to the flames of the offering candles swell until they become 
stay with Adrien, given the charming, almost paternal tongues of fire.
relationship that was forged between the two. It will Place: Father Adrien’s church.
be clear to the Hunters that Adrien has not told the 
whole truth, but at the same moment, a roar from the Time: It is almost midnight on December 31st and it is 
graveyard will cause the earth to shake.  possible to observe the passing comet, Morituris, in the 

sky outside the church.

End of Scene: The Hunters can go find Adrien at the Information: Yvonne intends to kill Adrien. If 
church (FOURTH SCENE OPTION A - Confession) stopped by the Hunters, she will inform them that in 
or head to the cemetery to find the source of the roar less than an hour the cemetery will explode thanks to 
(FOURTH SCENE OPTION B - Return to the Cemetery). the anger of the spirits she has stirred up.

◆	 Cornered, Adrien will confess to what he did to 
Note: Given the obvious emergency of both situations, Yvonne and to his involvement in the absinthe 
advise the Hunters to split up to deal with both Scenes. trade. The priest, however, will try to distract the 
 Hunters with the knowledge that now the little girl 

is a spirit full of anger and, in fact, a hostile creature 
of the sort that the Order would hunt down. 

154



◆	 Adrien will try to escape through the secret passage 
in the cellar if he has the opportunity. The man is FIFTH SCENE – The Fire of 
absolutely not sorry for what h 5

e did.
◆	 Yvonne will R

be e
w v

ill e
in n

g t g
o e

help the Hunters if they don’t 
interfere with her revenge and allow her to deal with Read aloud to the Hu
A n

d t
r e
ie r

n s
. : A long and heart-breaking 

lament rises from the mass graves, deep enough to make your 

End of Sc s
e k

n in
e  c

: rawl. Apparently, the dead have no intention of resting 
 The Hunters must run to the graveyard to forever.

avert the explosion. Go to the FIFTH SCENE - The Fire of 
Revenge. Place: The Cemetery of Paris.

4bFOURTH SCENE OPTION B Time: The stroke of midnight on December 31st. In the 
sky, the comet Morituris is as bright as a small sun.

– Return to the Cemetery Information: This Scene has two possible developments.
Read aloud to the Hunters: You hurry back ◆

to 	 I
 f

t  
h t

e h
 e Hunters haven’t faced the FOURTH SCENE 

cemetery and find Lorenzo passed out on the ground. W O
h P

en T
 ION A - Confession, Yvonne will appear in the 

he wakes, the doctor tells you that the reinforced trap doo c
r e
s n

o t
f e
 r of the mass grave with Adrien. The spirit intends 

the mass graves all exploded in unison, and now Alizée fe t
e o
ls  

 a th
 row the priest to the spirits and thus activate 

spirit force beyond comprehension. If something is not d t
o h

n e
e  
, e
 xplosion of the cemetery. Yvonne will face the 

the consequences for the city will be catastrophic. Hunters backed by 4 Restless Spirits. If during the fight 
the Grudge Tokens reach 3, there will be an explosion. 

Place: ◆	 If the Hunters have Yvo
 Th nn

e e’
 s
C  s

e u
m pp

et o
e r
r t
y , 

 t
o h

f e
 t  p

h i
e t
  s
In pi

n r
o it

c s
e  w
nt il

s l
.  

rebel against their own mi
T st

i r
m es

e s.
:  9 Restless Spirits will 
 It is almost midnight on December 31st and it is appear in the graveyard to face off against the Hunters 

possible to observe the passing comet Morituris in the sky. and Yvonne. During each Exchange, 1 Spirit will use its 
Information: action to add 1 Grudge Token.

 Hunters will have to approach the pit to 
quell the Mass o E

f n
 R d

e  
s o
t f
l  
e S
ss c

 e
Sp n

i e
ri :

t  
s I
. t
  
A w

ft il
e l 
r b
 h e 

a t
v i

i m
ng e

  
r fo
et r

r  
i t
e h
v e

e  
d H

 unters to judge 
at least 1 Token A

(w dr
it i

h en
 A  (

li i
z f 
é s
e t
’s il

 l
h  

e a
l l
p iv

, e
i )
f  

t a
h n

e d
y  

 h d
a e
v ci

e d
 n e 

o w
 o h

t a
h t

e  
r t
 o do with little 

resources), the H Y
u v

n o
t n
er n

s e
 w , c

il o
l n

b d
e e
 a m

w n
a e
re d

  
t t
h o

a  e
t, t

 e
u r

n n
t a
il l

  
t u
h n

e l
 i
c f
o e.

met’s 
passage is complete, the graveyard is a potential bomb. 

End of Scene: When the Hunters reduce the Grudge 
Tokens to zero, go to the FIFTH SCENE - The Fire of 
Revenge.

155



A Soldier’s Duty
A Scenario inspired by The Steadfast Tin Soldier 
(Hans Christian Andersen)
Safety Keywords:  
Rape / Revenge / Murder

Otimncee… upon a imploring them to help him and his former 
comrades. Six valiant soldiers were all that 
remained of their company after the bloody 
war between Sweden and Russia. Now, they 
are being killed one by one by a monster that 
seems able to take a bullet without batting an 

The Hunters arrive in Borgholm, on the eye. Two of the comrades have already fallen 
beautiful island of Oland. The Hunters’ to the monster’s fury. Those that still live 
intervention is ordered by the Papacy after have barricaded themselves in the mansion 
a request from the Riksråd, the great council of their one-time commander, Andersen, who 
of the kingdom of Sweden. A former soldier now leads them in defense of their own lives 
and war hero named Nils, also called the and those of his family.
Poor Devil, has sent a letter to the council, 

156



T g time while the fish slowly devoured his flesh. Of the 
soldier’s body, only the heart was spared and, as it fell into 

uhs eh setroer…y that led a lon

the abyss, it attracted the attention of a Sea Fairy. The Fairy 
took pity on him and, seeing that heart so wounded, infused 
it with new life. Enar’s body slowly began to regenerate, but 

S the young soldier’s mind was now lost. All the accumulated 
hatred and resentment had driven him insane. Worse, in 
the process of his rebirth, the soldier’s body began to absorb 

ix years earlier, a company of Carolean soldiers was everything it found. Algae, shells, and timbers from an old 
stationed in Vaasa, a small town on the Finnish coast. Here wreck fused to his limbs, making him an immortal monster 
Private Enar fell in love with Satu, a young and beautiful bound to the world only by an infinite grudge...
dancer. Enar deserted to remain near his beloved but was 
discovered by his comrades. They judged him a sinner Six years have passed, and Andersen managed to get closer 
according to the strict religious discipline of the Caroleans. to Satu, who is now at least accepting him. At the same 
Led by Captain Andersen, the soldiers punished Enar by time, Enar’s heart has started beating again. Now that his 
cutting off his leg and throwing him into the sea. But in greatest enemy, Andersen, has found something he truly 
reality, the true reason for Andersen’s ferocity arose from loves and would not want to lose, Enar is ready to return to 
the fact that the officer too had fallen in love with Satu and, take it away from him.
mad with jealousy, had punished Enar far beyond what the 
rules dictated. After Enar’s execution, unknown even to his Appearing every day an hour after sunset, Enar began his 
own men, the Captain tried to romance Satu, who rejected personal war by killing his fellow soldiers, one by one, in a 
him. Unable to accept that refusal, Andersen raped her and heinous fashion. Six survived the war, and two have already 
as a result of that terrible act, the girl became pregnant. been murdered, with one gutted and another burned alive 

after being flayed. Andersen soon understood the nature of 
Six years later, the company disbanded and Andersen, a the threat and brought Hans and Christian, his remaining 
wealthy war hero, paid his underlings handsomely to keep former companions, to his mansion. Only Nils was not 
the secret of Enar’s death. Having retired to private life, over called, being unable to move due to his war wounds. The 
time, Andersen grew to regret his deplorable behavior. He Poor Devil has many friends, however, and has gathered 
sought out the dancer and, after regaining contact with her, information from his home in Sundsvall.
discovered with great shame the existence of his son, Erik. 
Ravaged by guilt for what he had done, Andersen managed 
to earn Satu’s grudging forgiveness after months of effort. 
He freed her from a life of hardship as an assistant cook and 
took her with him to his mansion, together with his son. 
But Enar’s fate did not end beneath the sea waves. Love for 
Satu soon turned into blind hatred for Andersen and his 
former comrades. Below the waves, Enar remained alive for 

157



The story at the arrival of the suggests some very violent force has acted there, knocking it 
down and

H  w
u a

n rp
t in
e g

r  i
s ts

…  hinges. A rudimentary watchtower 
has been built in a large oak that rises beyond the makeshift 
palisades and, from the top, a figure beckons to you with his 

Enar is completely insane and fully intent on killing all his hand before descending to the ground and running to meet 
former comrades, only to finally “merge” into one being you. He wears a soldier’s uniform, and with every step, a 
with his beloved Satu. Nils in his heart sensed that the saber clatters in the scabbard at his side. The man arrives 
killer is Enar and, seized by a sense of guilt, he summoned at the gate with a grim and serious expression, asking who 
the Order to try and stop his former comrade in arms. goes there.
Andersen has found happiness with Satu and Erik, and 
despite the shame he feels for what he has done in the past, Place
h :

e  A
 is n

 d
ab er

s s
o e

lu n’
t s
e  
l l
y a

 r
d g

e e
t  
e m
rm an

i s
n i

e o
d n

  
t j
o u

 s
d t 

e o
s u
tr t

o si
y d

 t e
h  t

e h
 r e

e  t
v o

iv w
e n
d  

 o
E f

n  
ar to Borgh

s o
e l
c m
u .

re a future with his new family.
Satu has guessed who the monstrous being that appears Time: It is late afternoon and the sun begins its slow 
every night really is, but fear makes her hide from Enar’s descent. The salty air that comes from the sea teases the 
gaze. The woman now wants nothing more than the best nostrils.
for her child, even to the detriment of her own happiness, 
even if it means accepting a life alongside the one who took Initial Situation: The soldier who welcomes the Hunters 
away her true love six years earlier. is Christian, who will not allow the Hunters to enter the 
On this sad stage, all the actors have something to hide estate without first understanding who they are. As soon 

as it becomes clear they belong to the Order, Ch

1while Enar represents the truth that, inescapably, will ristian will 
destroy the wall of lies built with care by Andersen and his call Andersen to let him handle the situation.
men. Information: During the Scene, Andersen will make 

First Scene no secret of his disappointment at seeing the Hunters. By 
talking to him you can learn the following information.

◆	 Andersen disapproves of the fact that Nils sent a letter 
to the Order. The creature attacking his property yearns 

Read aloud to the Hunters: to take revenge on his men. The identities of the first 
It is late afternoon when you two victims, his former comrades-in-arms Jacob and 

finally see the mansion of Andersen Olsson, the war veteran Wilhelm, were enough to convince him of that.
who, according to the letters they’ve received, is the victim of ◆	 Andersen has called the survivors to him to deal with 
an attack by a monstrous creature. You notice immediately this new threat, which he is sure is connected to the 
that the mansion has been fortified. A wrought iron fence many deaths his company caused during the war. 
and main gate, reinforced and strengthened by barricades, Andersen will make no secret of the fact that he and 
form an improvised wall around the grounds. A smaller gate his men had their souls soaked in so much blood they 
that allows access to the garden has been bent in a way that were stained crimson. The monster is able to travel 

158



great distances since the first two victims lived many 
days’ travel from each other. That’s why Andersen has Scenario Events
gathered everyone on his estate to join forces.

◆	 Although Andersen despises Nils because he has In this Scenario, there are eight Events. As Storyteller feel 
always been a coward, he has sent Hans to keep him free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 
safe, as the Poor Devil has lost his legs in battle and is Hunters.
unable to travel. Nils lives a day’s drive from the estate Day 1: Enar will attack Andersen’s estate shortly after 
in the village of Sundsvall and Hans left a few hours sunset. If the Hunters are not present, Christian will be 
before the Hunters arrived. killed.

◆	 Andersen is a soldier and if the Hunters insist, he will Day 1: Hans arrives in Sundsvall to interrogate Nils, who 
reluctantly welcome them into his home, respecting will no longer be willing to keep quiet about Enar’s murder. 
the authority of the Order. If the Hunters are not present, the soldier will kill the Poor 

Devil.
Note: This Scenario uses Events as timers for story Day 2: Enar will arrive after sunset in Sundsvall to punish 
development. For this reason, the Storyteller must keep in Nils. If the latter is already dead, then he will find Hans 
mind some factors. ready to ambush him. If the Hunters are not present, 

◆	 There are only 3 places (the Andersen Estate, the town Hans will die. If Nils is alive, however, Enar will attempt to 
of Sundsvall, and the cliff) that make up an equilateral eliminate him unless the Hunters do something to prevent 
“triangle”. Moving from one place to another always it.
takes 1 day of travel on foot. 

◆	 Some Events have an indicative day number in which Day 2: Erik will recognize the shells that have fallen from 
they occur: 1st day, 2nd day, and so on. In this way, Enar’s body as those present on the cliff. If the Hunters 
the Storyteller will always know where Enar will be and are present, Andersen will invite them to investigate. 
who he will try to strike. Otherwise he will send Christian, who will be eliminated 

◆	 Since the action always occurs in two places at the same by the Sea Fairy. 
time, the Storyteller must point out that all the former Day 3: Enar will arrive at the estate after sunset to eliminate 
soldiers are in danger, and that this mission requires Andersen and possibly Christian. Once this is done, he will 
action on multiple fronts. For this reason, splitting try to reach Satu.
the Hunters into two groups is encouraged. However, 
it is not an essential condition and the final decision If Erik is put in danger: Both Andersen and Satu will 
regarding what to do will always be up to the Players. put their lives at risk for him. Both are willing to confess if 

◆	 For better management of Events, given their this can save the child from danger.
importance, they are shown below instead of at the end 
of the Scenario as usual. If Enar discovers that Erik is Andersen’s son: The 

child will become his new target, as killing him is the best 
way to make Andersen feel the pain he has inflicted.

159



If the Hunters convince the Sea Fairy of their good shells he collected when he lived with his mother in a small 

intentions: cliffside village. According to some old stories, under the cliff 
 The Fairy will lead one of them to the bottom there is a dense network of caves where a Sea Fairy is said to 

of the sea where Enar’s heart is. reside.

Andersen’s Estate
Descriptor: A large, lush estate ten minutes from the city Andersen
center.

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
Wandering around the estate, the Hunters may encounter 
one or more of these NPCs. Roll a die: Descriptor: I am a war veteran with strong leadership skills. 

1-2 Satu: In addition to being a good leader, I am also a capable fighter.
 With a sad and depressed air, the woman will try 

to avoid any interaction with the Hunters. Her shy demeanor Agenda: Defend my new family from the danger that Enar 
will make it clear that something is bothering her. represents / Redeem myself in the eyes of Satu and make her 

3-4 Erik: understand that I am now a different man / Prevent anyone 
 Intrigued by the Hunters, he will approach them from discovering what I have done.

brimming with questions. He is a lively child, and it will soon 
become clear to the Hunters that he is not fully aware of the Gift - Commander: Andersen is skilled at giving orders 
danger he is in. and managing a battle. Up to 3 times per Scene, Andersen 

5-6 Adam the Chatty Servant: can issue an order to an ally who will receive 1 Additional 
 A young man in his 20s Success (+1 to OL in the case of an NPC) while executing it.

who can’t escape to the city, as he works on the estate to 
pay off a debt to Andersen. Adam will speak without much 
hesitation about the fact that there is a complex relationship 
between his master and Satu, and that the woman comes 
from the past of the former commander. Adam will add that 
Andersen is also very considerate of Erik and it becomes 
clear that he regards the boy as a son.

Information: Over twenty servants work on the estate, 
but few are capable of wielding a weapon. The whole defense 
rests on the shoulders of Andersen and Christian. It will be 
clear to the Hunters, however, that Andersen’s abilities as a 
commander allow him to keep everything under control and 
to bring out the best even from inexperienced servants.
After the first encounter with Enar, Erik will recognize the 

160



Satu
OL Easy 3 – Main NPC (1 Wound) Enar

Descriptor: I am a former dancer who has lost everything. OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (4 Wounds)
I am but a shadow of my former self. Descriptor: I am an immortal being, the result of all the 
Agenda: Defend my son Erik, the only reason that I keep hatred I harbored in my exile into the abyss. I have the 
going. strength of five men and my body feels no pain.

Erik Agenda: Take revenge on Andersen, but not before I have 
eliminated all my former companions / After eliminating 
Andersen and his people, I want to meld with Satu so that 

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) our bodies and souls are united for eternity.

Descriptor: I am a lively child who can never sit still. Gift - The Eternal Soldier: Enar’s body is the result of 

Agenda: powerful magic tainted by hatred. When Enar suffers his 
 Understand who Andersen really is, and why he final Wound, his body becomes seawater and soaks into 

took my mom and me out of the misery we lived in. the ground. The following day, Enar completely regenerates 

Christian himself at the bottom of the sea, where his heart is, the very 
focus of his existence. Only by recovering the heart and 
destroying it can Enar be permanently eliminated. 

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (3 Wounds) Gift - Rage of the Sea: Thanks to the magic granted by 
Descriptor: I am a former soldier, called the Relentless the Sea Fairy, Enar has gained powers. When he acts, he 
by all because of my cold determination. I act without any can always choose an additional effect. 1. Algae Whip: A 
qualms when it comes to executing an order. string of algae stretches from Enar’s body and can perform 

Agenda: a second independent action. 2. Wave: Enar’s body 
 Help Andersen in memory of the old days and a becomes seawater for a few moments, allowing him to slip 

military life I can’t forget / Eliminate Enar to prove I am the away and cover a distance of 30 feet before regrouping. 
better man.

Gift - The Relentless: 3. Shells: 3 large seashells are shot from Enar’s body in 
 When he is carrying out an order, different directions, which should be considered 3 attacks 

Christian is immune to any effect that affects his behavior, with OL Medium 5. The shells must be aimed at 3 different 
such as fear or charm. The soldier increases his Opposition targets.
Level by 1 when he tries to eliminate an obstacle that stands 
between him and the subject of an order he must carry out.

161



The Cliff
Descriptor: 5-6 Hook’s Crew: A dozen pirates 

 A steep cliff overlooking died here after a shipwreck and now 
the sea, riddled with many inlets. In their souls are demanding vengeance 
the most inaccessible part, there are on the living.
entrances that lead to underground 
caves.

Dead Pirates
Going down the cliff, it is possible to OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC  
arrive at the caves’ entrance. In the (1 Wound)
center of the tunnel network, there is a 
pool where the Sea Fairy lives. Getting Descriptor: I am a lost soul who only 
to the pool may require you to deal wishes for revenge on those who are still 
with one or more of these Threats. alive. My body is a heap of swollen and 
Roll a die: rotten flesh that moves slowly.

1-2 Landslide: Special agenda (James the 
 As they descend Swordsman): We recognize James 

along the cliffs, part of the rock path 
collapses under the Hunters’ feet. as the one who killed our captain in 

Descriptor: a duel! It is his fault that our ship was 
 A sudden landslide. OL 

wrecked, and we will taste his flesh 
Hard 7. 
In the landslide, a Hunter can suffer first!

1 Wound or lose some of their Gift - Walking Dead: The body 
equipment to the sea. of the Dead Pirate is rotten and 

putrescent, but it does not stop even if 

3-4 Submerged tunnel: dismembered. After suffering his only 
To get Wound, a Dead Pirate can still take his 

to the central pool you need to swim action before being eliminated, if he 
through a narrow tunnel. 
Descriptor: has not already done so in the course 

A long, narrow of the Exchange. If a Dead Pirate acts 
submerged tunnel. OL Medium 5. against an outnumbered enemy, his 
Failing the Check means not being Opposition Level is increased by 1.
able to make it through the tunnel 
successfully and returning to the 
entrance.

162



Sea Fairy the community by donating part of his wealth to the 
neediest, and he is well regarded by all in town. In Nils’ 

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (3 Wounds) house rests a diary where the former soldier wrote 

Descriptor: down everything that happened six years earlier. From 
 I am a fairy of the sea and my magic allows me to the Poor Devil’s memories, it is possible to reconstruct 

perform true miracles. My entire existence is tied to the sea and Enar’s identity and his relationship with Satu, but not 
leaving it would destroy me. that Erik is Andersen’s son. The abuse perpetrated by 
Agenda: I am sad because Enar has forsaken the love that kept the officer was never discovered by his comrades in 
him alive in favor of blind hatred. I would like to do something arms. However, it will be clear from the writings that 
for him, but I cannot go to the mainland to stop his fury or find the punishment reserved for Enar was beyond reason.
his beloved.

Special Agenda (Marina the Sea Explorer): I have Nils the Poor Devil
heard of Marina and know her reputation. She uses her powers OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
only to enrich herself at the expense of others. I will never agree 
to help her unless she first shows me that she is also capable of Descriptor: I am an old soldier who lost his legs 
good deeds. in the war.

Gift – Sea Magic: The Sea Fairy can always use one of Agenda: The guilt for what we did to Enar 
the following effects.  1. Water of Life: A target recovers 1 haunts me, I want to find a way to bring him 
Wound and, if they have been dead for no more than a day, peace.
they can even come back to life.  2. The Fury of the Sea: 
The water of the sea engulfs everything, sweeping away all 
threats. Those who are within 30 feet must pass a Defense Hans
Check against OL Hard 7 to avoid being overwhelmed by OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC  
the waves and being washed away, suffering 1 Wound. The (4 Wounds)
Sea Fairy can deliberately avoid hitting anyone in the area of 
effect.  3. The Waves of the Sea: Descriptor: I am a former soldier, once one 

 The Sea Fairy can travel to of the company’s best marksmen. I never miss 
any point of the sea within 6 miles. This shift is instantaneous, my mark and always have a loaded weapon 
and if she wants, the Fairy can take up to 2 subjects with her. hidden under my heavy overcoat.
Sundsvall Agenda: Convince Nils to keep our 
Descriptor: A small coastal town, where the tranquillity of the secret or remove him.
sea provides peace and serenity. Gift - Gunslinger: Hans owns a 
Information: It’s easy to find old Nils just by wandering pair of prized experimental pistols, 
around the town. The Poor Devil has invested himself in which he bought from an inventor 

163



for more than half of his war earnings. 
Hans’s guns can fire multiple shots Blessing of the Sea Coral of the Sea Fairy 
at the same time and with one attack, 
the soldier can aim at 3 targets that are Requirement: Prove to the Sea Fairy (Special gift for Marina 

your intention to do something for poor 
within an area of 30 feet square. While 
firing one pistol, Hans can reload the Enar. the Sea Explorer)
other as an additional action. When You are blessed by the mighty Sea Requirement: To kill the Sea Fairy.
he draws a pistol from under his coat, Fairy and therefore sea-related abilities 

You dispatched that hateful fairy and 
Hans can make an attack with OL Hard have no effect on you. You receive 2 

harnessed her soul in a lump of coral. 
7.  Additional Successes on each Defense 

Now her power is yours. You can use 1 

Gift - Smoke Bombs: Check you make to defend yourself 
Treasure Token to unlock this Gift for 

 Hans has against a Gift, spell, or action made 
the duration of the Scenario. Spend 

some smoke bombs, which he uses using a Descriptor that includes the 
1 Soma to tap into the Coral’s power 

to surprise the enemy. While firing word sea. 
a pistol, Hans can drop a bomb as an and choose one of the following effects. 

additional action. The thick smoke 1. Water of Life: A target recovers 
will cover an area of 30 feet square and Art of Command 1 Wound.  2. The Fury of the Sea: 
inside it, everyone receives 1 Penalty Requirement: Withstand an on- The water of the sea engulfs everything, 
for every action that requires the use of slaught from Enar by fighting alongside sweeping away all threats. Those who 
sight, except for Hans, who is immune Andersen. are within 30 feet must pass a Defense 
to the effect. Additionally, he can always You’ve observed a good leader and Check against OL Hard 7 to avoid be-
get away from opponents who engage figured out how to hone your strategies. ing overwhelmed by the waves and be-
him without anyone preventing him. Once per Scene, you can give an ing thrown away, suffering 1 Wound. 

order to one of your allies and if they 3. The Waves of the Sea: You can 

Scenario Gifts try to carry it out, they will receive 2 travel to any point of the sea within 6 
Additional Successes to any Check. miles. This shift is instantaneous and 

These Gifts represent special abilities you can take up to 2 subjects with you.

related to the A Soldier’s Duty Sea creatures sense what you have done 

Scenario and can be acquired once the and will attack you without hesitation 

requirements are met. A Hunter can to try to free the soul of the Fairy.

only have one Scenario Gift and if they  
acquire a new one, they will have to 
forgo the previous one.

164



T fish. A figure stands at the entrance to the garden, huge and 
ungainly. It is a colossus of pale flesh, driftwood, rocks, shells, 
and other debris from the sea. The being stares at the large 

Ahe Scenario mansion for a moment, before roaring out its rage.

Du Styol idni eSrc’se  
nes Place: Andersen’s fortified mansion.

Time: It is night, but a high moon and a cloudless sky 
allow for good visibility.

Information: 
FIRST SCENE – The Arrival at ◆	 Enar will attack without hesitation, ignoring any 

mediation attempts by the Hunters. However, it will be 
the Estate 1

clear that Enar understands what he is told but simply 
ignores it.

It’s the same one you find on page 158. ◆	 Andersen will give his best as a leader, using his 

End of Scene: Commander Gift to lend a hand to the Hunters.
 After talking to Andersen, the Hunters ◆	 When Enar is left with 2 Wounds, little Erik will enter 

have a rough understanding of the situation. Given the the scene. Sneaking out of the mansion to get a better 
danger on several fronts, Andersen will ask half of the look, he will find himself in the middle of the battle. 
Hunters to stay at the estate (SECOND SCENE OPTION Satu will arrive soon after and the Hunters will be able 
A - The Defense) and the other half to travel to Sundsvall to to observe the reactions of Enar and Andersen.
help Hans protect Nils (SECOND SCENE OPTION B - The ◆	 Enar will understand from their actions that Erik is the 
Poor Devil). couple’s son. When he does, he will roar in anger and 

try to unleash his rage on the child.
SECOND SCENE OPTION A 2a ◆	 When Enar is defeated, his body will fall apart, and 

Erik will recognize some particular shells he has always 
– The Defense seen at the cliff.

Read aloud to the Hunters: The sun has just set, while 
servants are nailing a last few planks across the windows End of Scene: Erik recognizes the cliff shells, which could 
on the first floor. What should be a luxurious mansion be a good clue to find out where Enar resides. Go to the 
increasingly resembles a fortress under siege. Andersen and THIRD SCENE OPTION A - The Cliff.
Christian take the last few puffs on a pipe while setting up 
their rifles, a ritual that probably formed during the days 
they fought side-by-side on real battlefields. Then the pungent 
smell of burnt tobacco fades, covered by that of salt and rotten 

165



SECOND SCENE OPTION B 2– nd of Scene: It is now clear that Andersen is hiding a 

The Poor Devil b E
secret linked to Enar’s revenge. The Hunters must return 
to the estate, go to SCENE THREE OPTION B - Return to 

Read aloud to the Hunters: the Estate.
 Sundsvall is a charming 

seaside town, with colorful houses and smiling people. Here, 
it really seems that war and suffering have never happened. It THIRD SCENE OPTION A – 
is easy to find Nils’ house. Apparently, the former soldier has 
donated a lot of money to the poor of the city and these, given The Cliff 3a
his handicap, often give him a hand to thank him. When Read aloud to the Hunters: Following the directions 
you arrive at the small red brick house, you’re surprised to of little Erik, you finally reach the coast. The sea is stormy 
find the front door open. Did Hans get there before you? The and crashes against a long cliff that acts as a promontory. 
sudden sound of a gunshot does not bode well. It doesn’t take long to find what looks like a natural path 
Place: Nils the Poor Devil’s little house. between the rocks, exactly as Erik described to you.

Time: It is late afternoon. Place: The cliff on the stretch of sea from which Enar 

Information: emerges.
 When the Hunters arrive, Hans is trying 

to execute Nils after the Poor Devil has expressed his Time: The setting sun is covered with rain clouds.
resolution to confess what happened six years ago. Hans Information: Descending along the cliff will put the 
is ready to fight to the death against the Hunters while Hunters to the test. Select or present in order the Threats on 
keeping the elimination of Nils as his main goal. page 162. Once on the bottom, they will be able to meet 

◆	 If the Hunters kill Hans and Nils survives, the Poor the Sea Fairy and convince her to stop Enar. The Fairy will 
Devil will tell them everything he knows. From the reveal that Enar’s heart is darkened by great pain for the 
memories of the Poor Devil, it is possible to reconstruct injustice he has suffered and that it is safely laying on the 
the identity of Enar and his relationship with Satu, bottom of the sea. The Fairy can bring it to the Hunters, but 
but not that Erik is the son of Andersen. The abuse only if they first do justice to the memory of Enar, bringing 
perpetrated by the officer was never discovered by his her Satu so that she can say a last goodbye to Enar’s heart. 
comrades in arms. However, it will be clear that the The woman is Enar’s lost love and it is right that the 
punishment reserved for Enar was beyond measure. unfortunate soldier should have a chance to rest in peace.

◆	 If Nils dies, it will be possible to find out the truth 
regarding Enar’s punishment by reading his diary.

◆	 If Hans is captured, the soldier will not speak even End of Scene: The Hunters must return to the estate 
under torture and will try to give the Hunters a hard to retrieve Satu and join their other companions. Go to 
time. SCENE FOUR - Destinies.

 

166



THIRD SCENE OPTION B –  of Scene: It will be clear to the Hunters that Satu will 

Return to the Estate 3b End
try to meet Enar at the cliff. Andersen will want to leave 
immediately and nothing can stop him. Go to SCENE 

Read aloud to the Hunters: FOUR - Destinies.
 Tired from the long journey, 

you arrive at Andersen’s estate as the sun goes down. You 
are determined to untangle this story, but all your intentions FOURTH SCENE – Destinies
collide with a monster’s insane howl. Like every night, the 4
fearsome brute has come to carry out a massacre. Read aloud to the Hunters: By the time you get to the 
Place: Andersen’s Estate, marred by the previous night’s cliff, night has fallen. The storm has passed, and a clear and 
clash. gloomy moon illuminates two figures on the edge of the rocks. 

Time: One is the graceful silhouette of Satu, the other the huge, 
 The sun is slowly setting, but the estate remains lit grotesque mass of Enar. The two observe each other for a 

thanks to lanterns expertly positioned by Andersen. few moments. Then tentacles of seaweed emerge from Enar’s 

Information: body, reaching out to seize his lost love.
 As with the previous night, the clash with 

Enar will be inevitable. With the monster down, the Hunters 
will be able to ask Andersen why he tried to eliminate Nils. Place: The Cliff.
The man will fall to his knees as he tells his entire story, Time: It is night, but a clear moonlight illuminates the 
including his abuse of Satu. Wanting Erik to keep both a epilogue of this sad story.
father and mother, Andersen will ask the Hunters to end 
Enar’s persecution. Information: Stopping Enar is a priority or he will 

◆	 As the Hunters sent to the cliff arrive, Erik will come assimilate Satu by merging with her within the course of 
out of the barricaded mansion crying. Satu fled during one Exchange. The Hunters know that the only way to 
the fight, to head to the cliff. The woman reassured her permanently kill him is to call the Sea Fairy to bring the 
son that the monster will not harm her and that only monster’s heart.
she can stop his fury. End of Scene: Enar, Satu, and Andersen’s fate will be in 

the hands of the Hunters

167



Wonderbedlam
A Scenario inspired by Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland (Lewis Carroll)
Safety Keywords: Mental illness / Imprisonment / Abuse / Cannibalism

Once upon a time…
No less than the Duke of Norfolk himself has approached 
the Order with a request which must remain secret. Five 
months ago, his daughter Alissa was taken to Wonder, 
the bedlam of York, the most renowned asylum in all of 
England. Under the guidance of a mysterious Director, 
the Duke hoped for the quick recovery of his daughter, 
who possessed an attitude that was too rebellious and 
unseemly for a young noblewoman. After the first 
month, Alissa’s letters to her family became more and 
more terrified and delusional, until they abruptly 
ceased. According to Alissa’s words, Wonder is hell on 
earth, where strange presences move in the dark rooms, 
animated by an evil will. The Duke’s plea to the Hunters is 
simple: save Alissa and shed a light on the dark dealings 
happening in the asylum of Wonder.

168



ice’s will, and it has become a place from which it is 
impossible to escape without the consent o

uTh f its

s  Dir

 e e

h s ctor

et . 

roer…y that led to Al

Thanks to her power, Alice controls a large, trained lynx 
named Cheshire. By moving through the narrow conduits 
of the asylum, she acts as the eyes of her mistress.

A  

The story at the arrival of the 
lice Liddell, daughter of an English aristocrat 

in great favor with the Crown, developed a complex Hunters…
mental illness as a child. From an early age, she suffered 
from visions and delusions about a fantasy world hidden The young Alissa of Norfolk proved incredibly resistant to 
in her dreams. Alice’s “cures,” and for this reason the Director of Wonder 
“Treated” in great secrecy by the family with drugs and imprisoned the girl in the Hall of the Mind, disregarding 
experimental therapies, Alice has learned to control her normal procedure. Day after day, Alice invades 
her madness enough to appear to be as sane as the next Alissa’s mind with nightmares in an attempt to quell her 
person. At the age of twenty-seven, she graduated with rebellious spirit. Alice manages Wonder completely by 
a degree in medicine, dedicating herself body and soul herself, taking advantage of her control over the building 
to the treatment of mental illness. The culmination of and rooms, which can only be accessed with the right 
this dazzling career is Wonder, a “hospital” meant to passwords. Hatta Carter is the only other person able 
welcome children of wealthy families who want to avoid to solve the Wonder puzzle. For this reason, Alice has 
patronizing one of the infamous asylums of England. imprisoned the mad inventor in the bedlam’s Basement, 
Little do they suspect that inside Wonder, Alice has intending to keep him safe for use in future projects. 
created a world of sheer madness, where unquestioning Meanwhile, Alicia, Alissa’s young lover, has infiltrated 
patients must follow her every perverse idea to the letter, Wonder in an attempt to free her imprisoned partner. 
in a physical and mental ordeal that she believes will bring In addition to their romantic bond, Alicia is driven by 
them back to sanity. Alice’s lucid madness has wrung guilt, convinced that Alissa was sent to Wonder due to 
more and more strength from the patients’ suffering, the two girls’ relationship. Alissa had even refused several 
allowing her to shape reality itself. Wonder has become promising marriage proposals to remain with Alicia, 
a building out of space and time, where a door might indifferent to her duty as the Duke of Norfolk’s heir. 
lead you anywhere unless you know the right words. To Despite her courage and tenacity, Alicia soon became a 
control Wonder and not fall victim to her own creation, prisoner of the deranged rooms of Wonder.
Alice has hired the most skilled inventor in all of England, 
Hatta Carter, famous for his theories on automatons. The 
man has thoroughly researched Wonder in an attempt to 
make sense of the physics-defying nature of the asylum. 
Thanks to Hatta’s hard work, the structure now responds 

169



1First Scene Initial Situation: Thirty minutes have passed since the 
Hunters arrived and it is becoming clear that no one will 
come to welcome them. 

Read aloud to the Hunters: You have finally arrived Information: Exploring the Entrance Hall and the 
at Wonder, the most famous and renowned bedlam in all exterior of Wonder will yield the following information.
of England. What you see, however, is certainly not what ◆	 Catching the rabbit will be easy. The animal seems 
one might expect from a place where people are being cured accustomed to the presence of humans and for this 
of mental illness. After crossing an immense garden full of reason, it will get close. The message it brings with it is 
dead plants, you find yourself in the entrance hall before an clearly addressed to the Hunters: “You are not welcome 
immense, mirrored wall that reflects your perplexed faces. at Wonder, as you are not here seeking something 
A large, tree-shaped fountain gushes water into a pool full but someone. This place welcomes only those who 
of colorful fish. Three doors on the east wall attract your need healing of the mind.” The paper is signed, “The 
attention. The central one is of normal size, while the one Director”.
on the right is twice as large, and the one on the left is ◆	 The exterior of the asylum looks quite bizarre. 
barely half the normal size. On the west wall, a painted From the outside, all the windows on the walls, the 
inscription dominates in large letters: “In this place, doors except the entrance door, and in general every 
madness becomes reason, so that the sick can become possible entrance to the building, seem real but are 
healthy again”. Finally, you notice a fourth door that just painted. There are therefore no real access points 
initially escaped your gaze, painted on the floor with to the building, except the main door leading to the 
such skill as to seem real. While you are wondering Entrance Hall.
who will come to welcome you, a small white rabbit ◆	 To a Hunter who understands magic through 
peeps out from behind the large fountain. Around his their Descriptors, it will be clear that all of the bedlam 
neck, he wears a small message holder, in which you is under the influence of a powerful arcane force (see 
can see a rolled-up note. the Place Wonderbedlam on page 171).

◆	 The three doors in the east wall open smoothly, 
Place: The Entrance Hall of Wonder. Hunters all three leading onto a long corridor that ends with 
will have the strange feeling of not being able to another identical door.
estimate the exact size of the place. 

Time: It is early in the morning and sunlight 
filters through the large windows on the west 
wall, the only ones in the room. Hunters 
will feel like they can’t tell the exact time. 

170



The Entrance Hall of Wonder Cheshire The Faithful Lynx
Gift - Beyond the Mirror: The large wall mirror hides OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (3 Wounds)
the passage leading to the Hall of the Mind. Only by saying 
the formula, “Beyond madness, beyond the basement, Descriptor: I am a snappy and aggressive lynx. I roam the 
beyond the mirror,” is it possible to see the passage. The halls of Wonder guided by the will of my mistress.
complete formula is known by Hatta Carter, detained in the Gift - Elusive: Thanks to the power infused in Wonder, 
Basement. Cheshire can disappear and reappear a short distance away, 
Gift - The Door to The Below: The door painted on and move through doors and walls. Cheshire can always 
the floor hides the passage to get to the Basement. Just move without anyone being able to stop her. All actions to 
by tapping a foot on the painting and saying the formula, attack or capture Cheshire receive 1 Penalty because of the 
“Is anyone under the house?” or something in that vein constant appearance and disappearance of the lynx. This 
you can see the passage. The instructions to open it are Gift is not affected by the Place of Pure Madness Gift.
contained in the message holders of the White Rabbits all 
across Wonder.

Gift - The Doors to Elsewhere: The three wall doors WonderBedlam
each lead to one of the Cure Rooms. When traversing the Descriptor: I am a building animated by sheer madness 
connecting corridor, the senses are confused and clouded and no one can attempt to alter me without Alice Liddell’s 
by the magic of Wonder. When you finally open the door permission.
at the end of the corridor, you realize you are in another 
place. Attempting to take something out of the Cure Rooms Gift - Place of Pure Madness: When a subject 
activates the Gift Place of Pure Madness (see this same attempts an action or uses a Gift to change Wonder’s insane 
page). structure (such as breaking through walls or circumventing 

passageways), the building’s inherent magic activates. 
Before the action taken is resolved, roll a die to see where 
the subject will end up being teleported.

1-2: The Rabbit Hole. 
3-4: The Labyrinth of Doors. 
5-6: The Caterpillars’ Greenhouse.
This magical shift causes a side effect that lasts throughout 
the Scene; roll a die to determine what happens.
1-2 Shrunk: The subject receives the Descriptor I am half 
the size I was, all my physical abilities are diminished as well.

171



3-4 Enlarged: The subject receives the Descriptor I am 
twice as big as I was and I move awkwardly and slowly. Threat - The White Rabbit
5-6 Confused: The subject receives the Descriptor My OL Medium 5
mind is confused, I can’t concentrate, and I misunderstand Descriptor: I’m a little white rabbit wandering around the 
words when spoken to. Cure Rooms and I have a message holder tied around my neck. 

The three Cure Rooms I fear those I do not know.

Gift - Messenger: By capturing a White Rabbit it is 
Descriptor: Magical places, out of space and time, where possible to take the message it carries. Roll a die.
patients are thrown to face whatever is troubling their mind. 1-2: It’s not always convenient to knock on a door with your 
Information: The Rabbit Hole, the Labyrinth of Doors, hand. 
and the Greenhouse are three places connected by magical 
corridors to the Entrance Hall of Wonder. Within the various 3-4: Knocking on a door is the bare minimum to be 
sections of the asylum, the pitiable patients are left to fend for expected of a respectable person. 
themselves. The main purpose of the rooms is to encourage 5-6: When you arrive at a door, it is polite to ask if anyone 
patients to see “beyond” their madness and understand, is home.
through the clues of the White Rabbits, how to access the 
Basement. Once there, Alice Liddell will pick them up to 
take them to the Hall of the Mind. Every room will feature 
the Threat The White Rabbit.

Alicia The Young Girl in Love
OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am a young rebel from the slums who knows 
how to get by on her own. Thanks to my tenacity, I can 
overcome every obstacle.

Agenda: I want to save Alissa from this cursed place and run 
away with her to live out our love in peace.

172



TWhoen Pdaetrients of 
OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: We are mad and desperate, driven to Wonder 
in the hope of curing our ailments. Madness guides our 
actions and we no longer understand that there is a world 
outside the bedlam.

Gift - Why I Am Here: Roll a die to see what problem led 
them to Wonder.

1 Violence: The Patient struggles to contain their anger. 
When they act violently increase their OL by 1. 

2 Kleptomania: The Patient yearns for any object they 
deem interesting and will do everything to have it. Once 
per Scene, they can act 2 times consecutively, though the 
additional Action must be used to attempt to escape and 
hide with the stolen goods.

3 Abandoned: The Patient was interned at Wonder to 
be forgotten. Hardened by loneliness, they gain 1 extra 
Wound.

4 Split personality: The Patient changes personality in 
the face of a specific event, such as a threat. When the new 
personality acts, its OL becomes Hard 7.

5 Dementia: The Patient is not fully aware of what is 
happening around them. They are immune to all attempts 
at intimidation. Increase their OL by 1 when defending 
against a violent action.

6 Illness: The Patient is ill or horribly disfigured. Each 
action against them receives 1 Penalty.

173



Room 1 – The Rabbit Hole Room 3 – The Caterpillars’ 
Descriptor: A series of burrows and tunnels full of dirt Greenhouse
and vegetation. In the small rooms and crevices, naked and Descriptor: A huge greenhouse full of alien and unknown 
emaciated patients move like animals, always looking for plants. A strong smell of pollen saturates the air, making 
something to eat. it difficult to breathe. A dense yellow fog sharply reduces 

visibility.
When the Hunters roam the Rabbit Hole, roll a die.
1-2: A group of 1d6 + 3 Patients will approach the Hunters When the Hunters are roaming the Caterpillars’ 
in search of food. Greenhouse, roll a die.
3-4: Alicia is busy fending off a group of aggressive 1-2: Two Patients are escaping from a Caterpillar of the 
Patients. Wonderful Lands.

5-6: A White Rabbit passes a few meters from the Hunters. 3-4: Alicia is busy fending off 2 Caterpillars of the 
Wonderful Lands.

Room 2 – The Labyrinth of 5-6: A White Rabbit passes a few meters from the Hunters.

Doors
Descriptor: Caterpillar of the Wonderful 

 An infinite series of rooms, all with doors 
leading into a long corridor. Each room is decorated in a Lands
different and macabre way, recreating situations of torture 
and stress. OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (2 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am a huge carnivorous caterpillar over two 
When the Hunters roam the Labyrinth of Doors, roll a die. meters long. I feed on fresh meat and then lay my eggs in the 
1-2: A group of 1d6 + 3 Patients will approach the Hunters carcasses of creatures I’ve devoured.
to push them into a room shouting, “We must see what’s Gift - Hunter Caterpillar: When a Caterpillar moves, any 
beyond!” human-sized subject in its path risks being overwhelmed. 
3-4: Alicia is busy fending off a group of aggressive Whoever is in the Caterpillar’s way must perform a 
Patients. Defense Check in order not to end up knocked down. The 

5-6: Caterpillar inflicts 1 Additional Wound against people 
 A White Rabbit passes a few meters from the Hunters. prone on the ground.

174



The Basement HMaattda  ICnavretenrt oTrhe 
Descriptor: A huge underground hall filled with food and 
comfortable cushions to sit on. Unnatural darkness surrounds 
the room, making it difficult to distinguish the walls. OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

Information: The Basement is the place where Patients Descriptor: I am a skilled inventor, the most brilliant of my 
arrive when they have figured out how to open the door on time. My emotional fragility leads me to frequent mood swings 
the floor of the Entrance Hall. In Alice’s crazy theory, those and aggressiveness.
who arrive underground have understood how to leave Agenda: I want the company of witty people and not cold 
behind their issues and psychoses, represented in the Cure automata. I long for the chats I had with Alice.
Rooms. In the Basement, a Patient can refresh themselves and 
then be picked up in their sleep and taken to the Hall of the Gift - Time Clocks: Hatta can manipulate one of his clocks 
Mind. Hatta Carter is a prisoner in the Basement, kept alive by to influence time.  1. Slow: Once per Scene, Hatta increases 
Alice to be used for future bedlam expansion projects. Hatta his OL by 2 when defending against a threat.  2. Speed 
has gone mad with loneliness and has built two Automata as Up: Once per Scene, Hatta and one of his Automata can 
pretend tea companions. act, immediately stopping anyone’s action regardless of the 

situation in the narrative. If an Automaton has already acted, 
it can act again thanks to this Gift.

Rabbit Automaton
OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC  

(2 Wounds)
Descriptor: I am an automaton in the service of Hatta 
Carter. Thanks to my strong legs I can make incredible 

jumps and crush everything when landing.

Gift - Leap: When it acts, the Automaton can free 
itself from any engagement with ease by jumping away. 
If it lands on a victim, it increases its OL by 1 for the 
attack and if it inflicts 1 Wound, the target will also be 
knocked to the ground.

175



Lizard Automaton Threat - Alice’s special tea
OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (3 Wounds) OL Hard 7

Descriptor: I am an automaton in the service of Hatta Descriptor: A delicious tea mixed with a powerful 
Carter. Thanks to my large tail I can perform several actions soporific.
at the same time.

Gift - Tail: Gift - Sleep: Those who drink the tea and fail their Defense 
 The Automaton always acts twice, once with its Check will fall into a deep sleep for over eight hours. Only 

front legs and once with its long tail, but cannot focus both suffering severe pain (equivalent to receiving 1 Wound) or 
its actions on the same target. the use of magic can awaken a sleeping subject.

Hall of the Mind
Descriptor: A series of rooms painted entirely in white. The 
doors themselves do not have handles and it takes a careful DAilriceec tLoirddell The 
look to distinguish them from the walls. A large central hall 
gathers all the Patients, lying on rows of beds, asleep in a state OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
of trance. The distant ticking of a clock breaks an otherwise Descriptor: I am the director of Wonder and, thanks to the 
unnatural silence, creating a hypnotic echo. power of madness, I can enter people’s minds to heal them.
Information: In the Hall of the Mind, it is possible to Agenda: Safeguard what I have built within Wonder and 
find several Patients in a catatonic state, including Alissa all the incredible discoveries that the magic of madness can 
of Norfolk. Alice Liddell will not seek a confrontation with give to mankind / Solve every problem by transforming it into 
any intruders but will be friendly and willing to listen to the a Patient to be treated.
unexpected guests. Alice will offer a good tea in which 
a powerful sleep drug is mixed. Gift - Alice from Other Worlds: As an action, Alice 

can attempt to possess the body of a person or animal by 
looking into their eyes. Hunters can make a Defense Check 
to prevent this. Alice can both act through the body she 

controls and continue to use her Gifts and Descriptors. 
The possession ends when Alice’s body suffers 1 Wound. 
Alice cannot control more than 3 common subjects or a 
single Hunter at the same time.

176



AThlies sRae obfe Nl orfolk 
OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: I have been physically tested by my stay in 
Wonder, but my mind is still strong. My love for Alicia kept 
me in the real world.

Agenda: Escape from Wonder and my old life and make a 
future with Alicia.

Scenario Events
In this Scenario, there are five Events. As a Storyteller, feel 
free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 
Hunters.

When the Hunters visit the third Cure Room 
without first meeting Alicia: they will encounter 
Alicia, who is lost. The young woman will be reluctant to 
reveal her true identity but will give her name and introduce 
herself as a patient.

On a regular basis, if the Hunters waste time in the 
Entrance Hall of Wonder: one of the bedlam Patients 
will walk out of one of the three doors into another. The 
Patient will mumble disjointed words such as “see beyond” 
or “go under”.

If the Hunters cause too much havoc in a Cure 
Room: Alice will take control of Cheshire and order the 
Hunters to leave, or try to surprise them by making it clear 
that they are being watched. 

177



If the Hunters try to leave the Basement: a desperate out of proportion. The Storyteller will ask you for a Position 
Hatta Carter will attack them with the help of his Automata Check against an OL proportional to the madness of your 
to keep his new guests with him. request. If you succeed, you get the Descriptor you declared 

for the rest of the Scene; if you fail, you have spent your 
If the Hunters corner Alice Liddell: the Director will Soma in vain. The effect of this Gift also ends when someone 
be ready to make deals, such as freeing Alissa or whatever makes clear that what you are doing is utter madness.
the Hunters ask. Alice’s real worry is that Wonder might be 
destroyed. The Forgotten Queen (Special Gift for Regina 
Scenario Gifts the Thief of Hearts)
These Gifts represent special abilities related to the Requirement: Visit a Cure Room.
Wonderbedlam Scenario and can be acquired once the Confusing flashbacks and painful emotions grip your 
conditions are met. A Hunter can only acquire one Scenario mind. You’ve been here as a patient before, but maybe 
Gift. If they buy a new one during an Interlude, they will you’ve forgotten why. Are you sure you want to remember? 
have to forgo the previous one. Once per Scene, you can try to remember something of 

your experience in Wonder. Choose a place or a subject 

Friend of the Rabbits from the bedlam, and the Storyteller will give you useful 
information about a Descriptor, a Gift, or their Agenda. 

Requirement: Remembering is painful. For the rest of the Scene, when 
 To have captured at least one White Rabbit. you use one of your Gifts, roll a die: on a 5 or 

You are able to approach the little white rabbits without higher you lose 1 Soma and you 
frightening them. Receive 2 Additional Successes when you are no longer so sure that you are 
face the Threat The White Rabbit. Once picked up, your the Queen.
new little friends will be able to deliver a message for you to 
any room in Wonder. This Gift allows you to send a White 
Rabbit even through seemingly closed doors.

Lucid Madness
Requirement: Having suffered the Gift Place of Pure 
Madness at least once.
You are slowly figuring out how to make the weirdest ideas 
real. You can spend 1 Soma to try to activate the mad magic 
of Wonder. State something crazy that you are capable of, 
such as I want to walk on walls or I want my arm to stretch 

178



The Scenario Wonderbedlam in Scenes
1 FIRST SCENE – Arrival in Wonder End of Scene: It will be clear that each Cure Room holds 

a clue to progress through Wonder. The Hunters must 
It’s the same one you find on page 170. move to another room. Go to THIRD SCENE – The Second 

Room, the Encounter with Alicia.
End of Scene: For the Hunters, it will be clear that the 
only way forward is through one of the three doors to the THIRD SCENE – The Second 

2 Cure Rooms.
Room, the Encounter with Alicia 3

SECOND SCENE – The First Room Read aloud to the Hunters: You walk through a long 

Read aloud to the Hunters: corridor that leads you in front of a door exactly the same 
 You walk through a long as the one you just went through. As in the Entrance Hall, 

corridor that leads you in front of a door exactly the same time seems to flow differently in this place and you have the 
as the one you just went through. As in the Entrance Hall, impression that the few steps necessary to cross between one 
time seems to flow differently in this place. You have the door and the other takes hours rather than moments. You 
impression that the few steps necessary to cross between one open the door and immediately you are alerted by the cry of 
door and the other takes hours rather than moments. You a girl.
open the door and what is shown to you... Note: As the Storyteller, continue the description based on 

Note: the room that was chosen by the Hunters and highlight the 
 As the Storyteller, continue the description based on presence of Alicia engaged in an encounter, as a result of 

the room that was chosen by the Hunters. 3-4 of the relevant room.
Place: One of the Cure Rooms. Place: One of the Cure Rooms.
Time: It is impossible to establish the exact time and, Time: It is impossible to establish the exact time and, 
from one room to another, day changes to night in a totally from one room to another, day changes to night in a totally 
random way. random way.
Information: The Hunters encounter the result 1-2 of Information: The Hunters are aware that without their 
the relevant room. Once the encounter is resolved they will intervention the young woman will succumb. 
notice a White Rabbit and, by capturing it, they will get the ◆	 Once safe, Alicia will introduce herself, saying that 
first part of the hint to enter the Basement. she is in Wonder to save a friend from this place of 

madness. Alicia has two clues with her, one from the 

179



White Rabbit in this room and one from the one the Information: Hatta Carter will be delighted to have new 
Hunters have not yet visited. guests and will invite the Hunters to join him for tea. By 
◆	 During the discussion with Alicia, Alice will talking to him you can get the following information.
attack the girl by surprise via Cheshire, and then 

make the lynx flee through a wall. ◆	 Those who pass through the cycle of therapies in the 
Cure Rooms can access the Basement where they 

End of Scene: can refresh themselves, dress again, and wait for the 
 It should now be clear to the transfer to the Hall of the Mind. The Director keeps 

Hunters how to access the Basement (Alicia can Hatta tucked away for future expansions.
help them if they haven’t quite figured out how to ◆	 Hatta is a prisoner of the Director. He built Wonder 
do it yet). Go to FOURTH SCENE - The Basement. and knows the formula for going beyond the mirror, 

accessing the part of Wonder that is exclusive to the 
FOURTH SCENE –  Director. 

The Basement 4 ◆	 If the Hunters point out to Hatta that if he knows every 
secret, he can escape whenever he wishes, the man will 

Read aloud to the Hunters: nod in amazement, revealing the formula for going 
 When the door beyond the mirror to the Director’s sanctum. Once 

opens, you see a large flight of stairs that descend this is done, however, he will return to his madness, 
underground. A few minutes later you find yourself in complaining once more about his imprisonment.
a large room, richly furnished with colored cushions ◆	 Hatta will say that he doesn’t know the Director’s real 
and drapes. The Basement is hard to see across, so name, but he knows that she is a renowned doctor and 
much so that you can’t make out the walls. Suddenly, that she is not really a bad person. As a scientist, he 
a shrill voice calls for your attention. In front of you, understands well that indelicate acts must sometimes 
a gentleman with a strange top hat on his head be done in the name of scientific progress.
converses amiably with two Automata, one in the ◆	 The tablecloth on the table is actually the blueprint of 
form of a large rabbit, the other of a lizard. In a Wonder drawn by Hatta during construction. It reveals 
grotesque imitation of teatime, the man with the the formula for going beyond the mirror. The mad 

top hat conducts a one-way conversation, where his inventor, however, will strongly object if the Hunters 
words are left unanswered by the cold, unintelligent try to take the map, as this would ruin the table’s setting 
gazes of the Automata. for tea.

Place: The Basement of Wonder, where those 
who have passed the Cure Rooms can rest while When the Hunters attempt to leave the Basement, Hatta 
waiting to be picked up. will beg them to stay with him, insisting until he becomes 

Time: aggressive and unleashes the Automata against the Hunters.
 It is not possible to distinguish between day 

and night, but the atmosphere and the soft lighting 
recall the time for evening tea.

180



End of Scene: After Hatta and his Automata are dealt Place: The aseptic Hall of the Mind of Wonder.
with, the Hunters know the formula to cross the mirror 
and finally discover who is behind Wonder. Go to FIFTH Time: It is not possible to distinguish between day and 
SCENE - The Director. night, but the atmosphere and the white lights recall a visit 

FIFTH SCENE –  
The Director 5 to a hospital.

Information: Alice will offer her guests a fine cup of tea, 
trying to put them to sleep. Alternatively, she will try to take 

Read aloud to the Hunters: control of Alicia and pass her off as Alissa. The Director will 
 In front of the large mirror claim that Alicia is a second personality Alissa has created 

on the north wall, you say the formula “Beyond the madness, inside Wonder to escape from herself. Alice will try not to 
beyond the basement, beyond the mirror,” and you see a give the real Alissa to the Hunters, but she won’t be willing 
small door appear. Crossing through it, you find yourself in to lose Wonder to keep her.
a bare and aseptic environment with walls, furniture, and 
doors, all in white. The doors themselves do not 
have handles and only with a careful inspection is 
it possible to distinguish them from the surrounding 
walls. Finally, you arrive in a huge room, furnished 
solely with an endless series of beds on which placid 
patients are sleeping. The distant ticking of a clock 
breaks an otherwise unnatural silence. Then, a door 
opens and a distinguished-looking woman with 
a cold gaze appears in front of you. “Welcome to 
Wonder. I’m the Director.”

181



TRuevflsetcatriro’ns 
A Scenario in
( s
H p

e i
l r
g e

e d
 K  b

j y
e  

l T
li u

n v
) s

b t
y a

 r
P r

e  
tter Nallo

Safety Keywords: Decay / Corru
m p

i t
n io

d n
 /  

 o
F f

o  b
lk o

 d
H y

o  a
r n
ro d

r  

Tuvstarr’s Reflection is a special Scenario built as a Scene Tree (see page 100) and 

is great for introductory Sessions, one-shots, or to introduce Sherazade the Weaver 

of Tales to a Campaign. 
This Scenario takes place within a story told by Sherazade, an emissary of the One 

who Plots in the Shadows (page 196). The Hunters will awaken in the world of 

Princess Tuvstarr and must solve the mystery of her disappearance in order to 

awaken.

182



But stories don’t always go as they were originally 
written... Appalled by the wickedness of the world, 

tOimncee… upon a Princess Tuvstarr learns from rumors around the court 
of the existence of a pond, deep in the woods, where 
wishes can come true. Tuvstarr asks the trusty moose 
Skutt to lead her through the woods. There, the Princess 
trades her crown with t

G he
o  F

o a
d ir

 ie
e s
v , 

e to
n  g

in ai
g n 

 f
m ree

y  
 a
d cc

e e
a ss

r  t
 o
h  

osts, my name is their lands. 
Sherazade and I am a weaver of tales. My 
words will take you to incredible worlds Tuvstarr then gives the Hulder her dress to continue 
and follow the feats of brave Hunte h

r e
s r
…  se

 arch, and finally arrives at the heart of the forest. 
however th Th

i e
s r
 e

s , 
t i
o n

r  t
y h

 e 
i b
s l
 ac

n k
o  P

t o
 n

li d
k  t

e h
 at

t  
h n

e o 
 h

o u
t m
h a

e n
r  
s b
 eing has ever 

seen, she plunges her h
a ea

n rt
d  a

 t n
h d 

e s
s o
e u
 l
f . 
e T
a u

t v
s s
 t
a ar

r r
e  d
 n es

o ir
t e
 j s

u  a
s  
t imaginary. Will perfect world, where everything is bright and good. And 

our heroes succeed in their quest? Or will that’s what she finds on the other side. A perfect dream 
they perish, disappearing forever from the world. There she is happy, the fields are always green, and 
memory of time? idealized constructs that resemble her mother and father 

smile at her. But the Dream World needs to balance itself 
out. And so reality, its mirror, becomes dark and twisted. 
The sun sets in eternal darkness, the forest is corrupted, 

uThs eh setroer…y that led animals get sick, and the soil rots.

Tuvstarr’s father and mother, the King and Queen, send 
their knights to bring her

T  back. None of them returns. The 
lands are becoming increasingly corrupt and the people 
are desperate. Eventually, the rulers turn to anyone who 

he original fairy tale was written by Helge Kjellin can help them. This is where our story begins.
in 1913 and tells how Princess Tuvstarr left her home to  
follow Skutt the moose into the forest.

Tuvstarr does not listen to Skutt’s advice, and so the 
Fairies steal her crown, the Hulder (a forest spirit) steals 
her dress and, finally, she loses a golden heart-shaped 
necklace in a black pond in the depths of the woods. The 
Princess will stay there staring at the black pond until she 
turns into a blade of grass: Tuvstarr (Carex Cespitosa).

183



The story at the arrival of the Time: It is early morning on a gloomy autumn day.

Hunters… Initial Situation: The Hunters are summoned by the 
King and Queen for an important mission. They are aware 

The land is bewitched. The fields are sterile, the church that they are in another world or, perhaps, within a dream.
bells are silent, mothers forget to feed their children, and all 
dreams are dark and full of pain. The sun now rests below 
the horizon and the lands are covered by eternal twilight. Information:

1Tuvstarr the Child Princess is gone, wandering into the ◆	 The King and Queen sit on their thrones staring sternly 
forest and the curse is believed to have something to do at the Hunters. They do not speak, but their butler, a 
with her disappearance. The knights were sent to the forest, lean and hunched old man, will offer the Hunters gold 
the wetlands, and the wilderness to find her, but none and honors to bring back Princess Tuvstarr. She has 
have returned. The King and Queen now seek out new fled into the great forest that lies beyond the castle. 
champions to retrieve their daughter from the wilds and ◆	 Before departure, the old butler will join the Hunters 
end this curse. to talk out of the King and Queen’s earshot. He will say 

First Scene that there is a curse upon the land. The Hunters must 
prepare themselves for the necessity of an extreme act 
to save the kingdom, perhaps even to kill the Princess 
herself.

Read aloud to the Hunters: Sherazade clears her throat, ◆	 As the Hunters set out for the wild forest, people in 
then smiles at her guests before speaking. “Our story opens the villages will report that many have seen Princess 
with a rude awakening. You are in a strange inn which is Tuvstarr ride a moose and disappear into the woods. 
certainly not the place where you fell asleep last night. The And from that moment, the world has changed.
bedroom door is thrown open violently and a tall, thin man 
in a soldier’s uniform asks you to follow him out of the room. 
Apparently, the King and Queen of this strange place await End of Scene: The Hunters head into the great wild 
you to give you an audience.  In the midst of a field of withered forest in search of Princess Tuvstarr’s trail. Go to SECOND 
flowers and rotting crops stands a mighty castle. The walls are SCENE - The Wild Forest.
covered with ivy and the roofs, once gilded, seem blackened 
and burned by the rays of a dying, red and menacing sun.”

Place: The royal castle, in the center of a large city. The air 
is gloomy, and the faces of the people are sad and dejected. 
A black sky illuminated by a faint crimson light hangs over 
everything like an eternal night.

184



 forgot his name. But he can’t forget Tuvstarr and 
the guilt he feels…”

mThoet hmsoose and the death, he

Skutt the Moose
“He was once a majestic being, the King of the Woods and 
Wildlands. The name Skutt was given to him by the rocks, OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
torrents, and small streams, as he had the ability to make Descriptor: I am a majestic and magnificent moose, 
great leaps through any obstacle. One day, when the sun was ravaged by the decay of death and Tuvstarr’s magic which 
bright, he ventured into the fields and flowers near the castle keeps me alive.
that humans built. There, he met Tuvstarr and was fascinated 
by the little creature with her white dress, long golden hair Agenda:  I have to find someone to save Tuvstarr from the 
and sparkling crown. When Tuvstarr asked him to see the black pond and the illusion she fell into, because I can’t get in 
rest of the world, he couldn’t refuse and put her on his back to / Protect Tuvstarr above all else, even if it means having the 
ride into the wilderness. world rot away.

Gift - Spectral Presence: Skutt cannot truly be 
He told her about the pond in the middle of the woods where eliminated as long as Tuvstarr’s wish keeps him alive. 
all wishes can be fulfilled, but only if the wish is made by The moose can move through fog, disappearing and 
an innocent child. And so she asked to go there. During the reappearing even many feet away. Within the fog, no one 
journey the Princess traded both the crown and the dress for can stop or impede Skutt’s movement. When he suffers 
safe passage, and at the pond she disappeared into the black his third Wound, Skutt falls apart, only to revive in the 
water, leaving only her reflection. Then there was a crack in following Scene.
the sky, which froze the sun in place forever.

Not knowing what to do, Skutt wandered the lands in shame. Information: Skutt is a Main NPC that Hunters can 
He came across one of the knights sent by the King and Queen. encounter in any Scene. He will always appear accompanied 
The noble warrior charged the moose with his spear couched by a thick fog, stinking of rot, and surrounded by pale 
under his arm. The moose faced him head-on and killed the moths. From his horns, like a ghostly veil, hangs the torn 
armored foe and his steed. But the spear had hit its mark and fabric of a knightly cloak, and a spear is half driven into 
Skutt fell, dying. However, the power of Tuvstarr’s affection his body.
would not allow him to die. The Princess was so anxious that If the Hunters fight: Skutt is not interested in the fight 
she wished that Skutt could exist forever, even in death. but is still a proud animal, so he will lash out at the enemy, 

charging with his antlers. 
The moose is now rotting. Large worms crawl into his flesh, 
and in the moonlight, they hatch into ghostly moths that If the Hunters talk to Skutt: He can tell how he took 
flutter around his horns. His stench is carried by the wind Tuvstarr to the sacred pond, deep in the woods. Whatever 
and even carrion-eating birds avoid him. At the time of his Tuvstarr did by diving into the lake, it wreaked havoc on the 

185



world. Skutt wants to save Tuvstarr, but without endangering The closer you get to the wilderness and the great forest, the 
her. He cannot enter the pond himself, nor can any other more the atmosphere changes. The woods before you are 
inhabitant of these woods. shrouded in perpetual darkness. Only the faintest light of the 
The magic of the pond binds anyone seeking it to make the sun hanging just beyond the horizon reaches this place. But the 
same journey as the Princess, crossing the places where she sun never really rises, leaving this land enclosed in a twilight 
exchanged her treasures to continue forward. If the Hunters and ghostly hour. The creatures of the woods have gone mad. 
bring those treasures to him, Skutt will lead them to the Corrupted by the whispers in the grass, mesmerized by the 
pond where Tuvstarr has disappeared. moon’s reflections, they drink poisonous sap and foam that 

smells of sulphur.”

2 SECOND SCENE – The Wild Place: The wood that separates the kingdom from the 

Forest deepest forest is basked in the faintest twilight glow. 

Time: Time has stopped and no longer has any meaning.
Read aloud to the Hunters: Sherazade remains silent for 
a moment, the audience motionless in ecstatic admiration. Information: When crossing the wood, the Hunters may 
Then, the Weaver brings a glass of wine to her mouth, though have some encounters. Roll a die or choose. 
she barely wets her lips. “You travel past the meadow covered 
with withered flowers, small villages, hills, and streams. Note: During this Scene, the Hunters may encounter Skutt.

1: A fox is killing and eating its own pups while giving birth 
to them. 

2: Two ravens, Hugin and Munin, messengers of Father 
Odin, approach the Hunters. Even the ancient gods want 
to stop this disease. If a Hunter approaches the ravens, they 
will realize they can mentally communicate with them. The 
ravens want to follow the Hunters. Anyone who makes a 
pact with them receives the Hugin and Munin Scenario Gift, 
without the need to have an Interlude.

3: Black fumes fill the air, foamy and dense bubbles emerging 
from a dark pond. A knight in rusty armor lies dead near one 
of the springs. His eyes are white and puffy, like a sack of eggs 
ready to burst. The corpse holds an ashwood spear with an 
iron point. If a Hunter chooses to take the spear, he gains the 
Lance of the Fallen Knight’ Scenario Gift without the need to 
have an Interlude.

186



4: The Troll Stallo sleeps sitting under a tree, and a bird has 
built a nest in his hair. If he is awakened by too much noise Angry Little Girl
or for any other reason, he will try to eat the Hunters.

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (2 Wounds)

Stallo Descriptor: I survived the adults’ madness and now I 
struggle like a ferocious animal not to succumb to this 

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (3 Wounds) cruel world.

Descriptor: I am an old troll and my appetite is Agenda: Find a safe place to stay or a group of people 
matched only by my strength. A bird has made its nest on ready to accept and protect me.
my head and when it gets angry it starts to peck me in the 
eye, which is incredibly annoying! End of Scene: after one or more encounters (at the 
Gift – Troll: Stallo possesses enormous strength and discretion of the Storyteller) the Hunters come across 
each Position Check for a physical action attempted the crown of the Fairies (THIRD SCENE OPTION A - 
against him receives 1 Penalty. At the end of each of his The Crown of the Fairies) or the Hulder (THIRD SCENE 
actions, Stallo recovers 1 Wound he suffered. When he OPTION B - The Hulder and the white dress).
reaches 0 Wounds, the troll will collapse to the ground, 
only to regenerate within minutes. THIRD SCENE OPTION A – 

5: A saddled warhorse, magnificent and white as fresh The Crown of the Fairies 3a
snow, is grazing in the tall grass. This mount belonged to 
one of the knights who met a dire fate in the search for Read aloud to the Hunters: Sherazade smiles at a young 
Tuvstarr. The steed will be reluctant to be approached, but nobleman among her audience who has risen from his chair 
if the Hunters succeed (Threat OL Medium 5, Descriptor: to get a better look at her. She winks at him and says: “Sit 
I am a fast, mighty, and frightened horse), it will take them down my little guest, now the best is coming.” 
to the body of its old master, where the Hunters can retrieve 
the knightly crest showing a fox with two tails. This crest “The swamps are shrouded in thin veils of a ghostly mist. All 
will be useful when meeting the Gallant Knight (page is silent. The moon appears to crack and bleed into the sky, 
191). and the faint stars die out one by one as you travel deeper 

into this nocturnal realm. There is a light in the distance, a 
6: A ruined castle on a hill. The castle is the scene of a glow that is reflected in the swamps and still water. This light 
massacre. The men and women who once lived within its comes from a small golden crown, and all around, many 
walls have apparently killed each other. Only a ten-year-old silhouettes dance as if enthralled by its light. Fairies look like 
girl remains alive, but she is angry and will try to attack the pale women with long hair. They glide, dance, and writhe in 
Hunters with a hidden knife. the air as if adrift in an invisible current. They are dreamlike, 

ethereal, but their bodies meet, touch and brush against each 
other or, sometimes, through each other. Their eyes are shut 

187



and they seem to moan with pleasure as they bask in the light will awaken from their trance. Screaming in pain, they 
that shines from the golden crown. Not far away, sitting in will attack the culprits without hesitation. Around the 
the damp mud, are the bodies of all those who have drowned crown there are always twelve fairies.
here over the centuries. They have emerged from the earth, ◆	 Somehow blocking the light emanating from the 
awakened from the dead, to watch the Fairies dance. They crown will awaken the Fairies from the spell. They will 
sit, motionless, observing the show with dull eyes and empty look at the cracked moon, screaming in agony as they 
eye sockets.” realize how much the lands around 

them have been corrupted. Some will 

Place: suffer so much that they will become 
 The swamp where the fairies have dew in the grass or a pale reflection in 

carried the crown of Tuvstarr. the pond. Others will ask the Hunters 
Time: An eternal night, shrouded in fog and to do something to save their lands.
under the light of a faded moon.

Information: The crown is sitting on a small 
islet in an open swamp. It is possible to reach Fairies
it by jumping between the various stones that 
emerge from the water. OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC  

(1 Wound)
Threat OL Medium 5

Descriptor: Descriptor: We are Fairies, spirits of nature 
 A marshy swamp with a stone who move gracefully in a world of clumsy humans.

track as its only path. Agenda: Defend the crown that Tuvstarr has given us and 
The water is black, cold, and deep enough to slow a dance forever wrapped in its sweet light. 
Hunter who falls into it.

Note: Gift – Madness: Made mad by the light of the crown, the 
During this Scene, the Hunters may encounter Fairies rage at anyone who tries to touch it. Two or more 

Skutt. Fairies can attack together to make a single action with a 
bonus to the OL equal to the number of fairies involved. If 

◆	 The Fairies are corrupted by the splendor of the crown the action succeeds, in addition to inflicting 1 Wound, the 
and will not allow anyone to touch it. It is possible to target will be thrown into the swamp to be drowned. Once 
communicate with them by interrupting their dance. in the water, the target can attempt to break out of the flurry 
The Fairies will tell the story of a human princess who of drowned, dead hands pulling from the bottom with a 
gifted them with the crown, as bright as a small sun, Defense Check against OL Medium 5.
in order to cross the swamp. It is difficult to maintain 
a conversation with dreamlike entities, and in a short End of Scene: After recovering the crown of the Fairies, 
time they will slip back into their dreams and start the Hunters must also recover the dress from the Hulder 
dancing again. (THIRD SCENE OPTION B - The Hulder and the White 

◆	 If the Hunters attempt to take the crown, the Fairies 

188



Dress) or, if they already have it, go through the forest to the Note: During this Scene, the Hunters may encounter Skutt.
black pond (FOURTH SCENE - The Black pond).

3b ◆	 It is easy to spot the tracks of the Hulder. A trail of blood 

THIRD SCENE OPTION B – and slime is left on the ground where the creature crawls. 
Her sense of smell is almost non-existent, but if the 

The Hulder and the White Dress Hunters make a noise entering her part of the forest, she 

Read aloud to the Hunters: will charge furiously forward to devour them. 
 Sherazade takes out two paper ◆	 The Hulder is powerful and killing her in a fight will be 

shapes from a bag, the first is the silhouette of a graceful Fairy, difficult. The best way to defeat her is to lure her into a trap 
the second that of a deformed creature. She places them in front so as to tear the dirty piece of cloth – the dress Tuvstarr 
of the flame of a candle and on the wall, as if by magic, the gave her – from her eyes. If this happens near a reflective 
projected shadows swap places. “This area of the forest is even surface (such as one of the many ponds that fill this area), 
darker than any you have been through so far. The woods are she will see her reflection and what she has become. She 
deep, dark, and full of evil shadows. You come across giant will scream in agony and crawl away into the ashes of the 
boulders entirely covered in dense moss and bearded lichens night. There, she will throw up everything she ate before 
hanging from tree branches, with the cold wind whipping returning to her original form, filled with shame and guilt.
through the foliage. On the ground you see a streak of blood and 
slime, as if forming a gloomy path that guides your steps.” The Hulder
Place: Among the trees of a dark forest, where not even the OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
light of the moon dares to show itself.

Time: Descriptor: I am an ancient forest spirit. I have eaten so many 
 It is night. Darkness envelops the forest, giving the living things that I have become fat and swollen, and the pieces 

trees ghostly shapes. of the animals and people I have devoured are dripping from my 
slobbering lips.

Information: This is the Hulder’s realm. A spiritual forest Agenda: Devour everything I meet.
entity with feminine traits that once lived in symbiosis with 
trees but is now corrupt and repulsive. Tuvstarr traded her Gift – Corrupted Spirit: The Hulder has a feminine form, 
dress for passage through the woods. The Hulder took the thin but her skin is spongy and slimy. Her breath smells of rot. She 
fabric in her hands, and it immediately made her feel unlike doesn’t realize what a grotesque monster she has become, as in 
anything she had felt before. With the dress, she felt strong her mind she is still beautiful and seductive. When she suffers 
and beautiful, but also prey to a voracious hunger. Now the 1 Wound, the Hulder vomits a cloud of foul vapor that reeks 
dress is nothing more than a dirty piece of cloth that the spirit of rot. All the subjects hit by the cloud suffer 1 Wound in turn. 
has tied over her eyes like a blindfold. The Hulder obsessively The effect of this Gift can be avoided with a Defense Check. 
repeats how beautiful, graceful and lovely she is. This can be a 
hint to help the Hunters realize that with the blindfold on the Gift – Swollen with Flesh and Blood: If killed, the Hulder 
monster is unaware of her true appearance. will emit a long, heart-breaking cry that will echo in the 

woods, and all the dead she has eaten will scream in agony in a 

189



cacophonous chorus. Anyone Time: An indefinite hour, in a place out of the normal flow 
who hears the cry loses 2 Soma of time.

and receives 1 Penalty on any 
action for the rest of the Scene. Information: As Hunters approach the water, they can 

End of Scene: discover two things.
 After recovering 

the dress, the Hunters must ◆	 While the princess is gone, Tuvstarr’s reflection can 
also recover the crown from still be seen in the black waters, showing an image of 
the Fairies (THIRD SCENE a naked girl sitting on the shore and staring into the 
OPTION A - The Crown of the abyss. Next to her is a knight’s plate armor. The shield 
Fairies) or, if they already have it, has a fox with two tails as a heraldic symbol. There are 
cross the forest to the black pond footsteps on the muddy shore leading into the black 
(FOURTH SCENE - The Black water.
Pond). ◆	 To enter the mirror world, the Hunters will have to dive 

and swim to the bottom of the Pond, through the cold 

FOURTH SCENE and fatal darkness. When they are at the bottom, in 
the mud and slime, suddenly a light will appear from 

– The Black Pond 4 above. Sunlight in a clear sky. By swimming to the 

Read aloud to the Hunters: surface, the Hunters will enter the Dream World that 
 Tuvstarr has built for herself.

“My dear guests, after a long journey 
our heroes have finally reached 
their destination... or have they?” The Dream World
Sherazade winks at you and, for a Read aloud to the Hunters: “What stretches out before 

moment, you have the impression that your eyes is the Dream World that Tuvstarr created with 
she has moved just a few steps away. her wish. It is a land of joy, happiness, and goodness. Here 

“You arrive at the center of the forest. The the days are eternal, bees never sting, and nature provides 
trees are tall and menacing, and they seem everything those who live there need. It is built on all that is 

clustered around a pool of freezing, black good, siphoned out of the real world and remodelled according 
water. Any light that penetrates here looks to the will of the Child Princess. The grass is emerald green, 
thin and weak, as if it were an intruder in the sky is blue with perfect white clouds. A thousand and 
this land consecrated to darkness. Everything a thousand more flowers. Butterflies and pollen in the air. 

is still and silent.” Everything is lush and new. What was once a quagmire is 

Place: a field with rolling hills, what used to be a forbidding forest 
 The center of the great forest, bathed is now a lush wood with flourishing trees and meadows 

in an unnatural darkness. carpeted with flowers. In the distance, the high towers of the 
castle reflect the sunlight.”

190



Place: The perfect dream world created by Tuvstarr. The Gallant Knight
Time: Early morning, on a beautiful summer day. OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
Information: When they arrive, the Hunters will feel like Descriptor: I am a respected and experienced knight of the 
they have been reborn. Their wounds will stop hurting (it is kingdom. My skill is only matched by my honor.
considered a special rest that allows all Hunters to recover 
1 Wound). Their garments and clothes will be mended, in Agenda: Respect my knightly duties and serve the young 
fact looking better than ever before. The water they drink Princess Tuvstarr / Save the kingdom from what’s happening.
and the fruit they eat are the best meal they have ever eaten. 
It is truly a paradise. Gift - Gallant Knight: The Knight is incredibly skilled, 

◆	 Encounter with the Gallant Knight: but he would never use his full abilities against anyone 
 The Gallant Knight he doesn’t consider truly evil. When defending against 

sits under a tree, eating an apple. His sword is beside an enemy attack, his mastery increases his OL by 1. The 
him. He is an old man, but there is still strength in his Knight will never inflict the final Wound on a target if he 
steps and voice. In fact, his hair isn’t as grey as it used doesn’t feel it truly deserves death.
to be. His pains have lessened. An old wound that once 
grieved him is now merely a white scar. The Knight has 
abandoned his quest. He found his way to the black End of Scene: After finding out where Tuvstarr is, the 
pond, entered the deep waters, and arrived in the Hunters can proceed to the FIFTH SCENE - The Castle of 
Dream World. He met Tuvstarr, tried to bring her back, Dreams.
but she offered to let him stay here. He agreed, vowing 
to continue to protect her from any threat. However, he FIFTH SCENE – The Castle of 
can be convinced to pick up his quest once more if he is 
told that his brothers all died in the search and if he is Dreams
shown the two-tailed fox crest (page 187). 5

◆	 If the Hunters possess the Lance of the Fallen Knight, Read aloud to the Hunters: “Ahead, you see a castle 
the Gallant Knight will ask them to return it to him bigger than any other building in the country. The roof shines 
so that it can be brought back to the castle in the real with gold while the tallest tower is like another sun, shining 
world. Whether defeated or convinced, the Knight will ever so bright. Looking around you, however, you notice that 
reveal that Tuvstarr is in the Dream World. everything seems to be nothing more than a false reflection 

of reality. Farmers at work, animals in the fields, the King 
and Queen themselves you see at the gates of the castle, all do 
nothing but smile and nod. They speak in a low voice and say 
comforting things like: “Stay here, everything is fine, the lands 
are fresh and full of life.” You realize that they are nothing 
more than simple, idealized creations of Tuvstarr’s memories, 
but full of joy and warmth.”

191



Place: The perfect dream world created by Tuvstarr. like the pond in the forest. There is something about it 
Time: that makes her uncomfortable or even sc

 a
E r

a e
r s
l  
y h

 e
m r,

o  b
r u
n t

i  
n s

g h
, e
 o  

n a beautiful summer day. does not have the ability to “remove” it with her power, 
as it 

I is
n  t

f h
o e

r  g
m at

a ew
tio ay

n  b
: etween worlds. Talking about Skutt’s 
 The Hunters may encounter Tuvstarr in the painful existence will confuse her and could be a lever to 

village, the forest, or the castle. She is simply a child who convince her to follow the Hunters’ advice. The Gallant 
wanders, naked and full of life. Tuvstarr goes around creating Knight, if persuaded back to his mission, could also be of 
things in her dream world. help in convincing Tuvstarr to trust the Hunters.

◆	 Tuvstarr will ask the Hunters to remain in her kingdom, ◆	 The Crown and the Dress: The Hunters will be able to 
just like the Gallant Knight. If they agree, the Hunters will show Tuvstarr the crown that enchanted the fairies and 
spend their lives in a dream and will soon forget about the the dress that she gave to Hulder in order to make her 
world on the other side of the pond. recall memories of the real world. The Princess will have a 

◆	 Fighting Tuvstarr is a very difficult challenge. But if the vague memory of owning and trading them. Taking them 
Hunters manage to imprison her or push her near the in her hand, she will recognize them. She will remember 

lake, they may throw her in to make her the weight of the crown on her head and the warmth of 
emerge on the other side. the dress’s fabric against her fingers. Wearing her items, 

◆	 Getting her to leave she will realize the difference between what is dream 
her dream is difficult as and what is reality, and will begin to cry. At this point, 

she only has vague however, she will be even more strongly opposed to the 
memories of the real idea of returning to the real world.

world, as if that 
were the dream 

to her. She TPruivncsetsasr does not r
OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (2 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am a pure and innocent soul, who just 
wants a world without suffering.
Agenda: I want to stay forever in my perfect world. I 

have been here for so long that I have forgotten what my 
life was like before.

Gift – Creative Will: Tuvstarr has the power to create 
anything she wants in the Dream World. She can make a 

192



bird appear out of nowhere or make an apple tree grow 
from nothing to bearing fruit in a couple of seconds. She Skutt the Moose
can deflect a river, make sunlight warmer, shape clouds, OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
and make small fish glow around her when swimming in 
a river. Each new creation draws life from the real world, Descriptor: I am a majestic and magnificent moose who 
making it more corrupt and darker. Tuvstarr can use her protects the sweet Princess Tuvstarr with all his might.
power to defend herself by literally manipulating the Agenda: Protect Tuvstarr from all threats and make her 
whole world. If Tuvstarr is killed in this world, she will 

happy / Listen to a small part of my soul that cries out that 
transform into colorful butterflies to regenerate herself at 

this perfect world is just a wishful illusion.
her castle. Although Tuvstarr has virtually infinite power, 
her innocence means that even if threatened, she will never 
try to kill a living being. Rather, the Princess will try to hurt 
and scare any threats and, in the worst case, drive them 
away.

Gift – Pure Innocence: Tuvstarr radiates innocence and 
beauty. Whoever meets her will fall under her spell. She is 
always friendly, and her voice is clear and beautiful, with 
the sharpness of ice breaking on a winter pond. Those who 
interact with Tuvstarr must make a Defense Check or be 
fascinated by her. For the rest of the Scene, the bewitched 
subject will not take any action that could harm Tuvstarr 
and, furthermore, will defend her at the cost of their life 
from any threats. Seeing how the world outside the pond 
is rotting will make a bewitched subject instantly come to 
their senses.

The other Skutt
Skutt is always near Tuvstarr and will appear as soon as 
the Hunters encounter the Princess. For the Hunters it will 
be clear that this is not the real Skutt, but another dream 
created by Tuvstarr. Skutt follows the Princess and she rides 
him through the kingdom. Since he is a dream, this Skutt 
will have no recollection of the Hunters. In reality, a spark 
of the original Skutt resides in his dream projection and 
can be exploited by the Hunters to push him to remember 
the real world.

193



A sad ending
Read aloud to the Hunters: “You take Tuvstarr back across 
the pond as her Dream World dissolves. The sun returns to the 
lands. The madness that has infested the animals is forgotten as 
a passing nightmare. Skutt can finally let go, sighing in relief as 
it is time to lay down his big head and forgive Tuvstarr for her 
transgressions. Tuvstarr, after mourning the death of her dear 
friend, returns to her parents’ arms filled with sadness. 
An uncertain future awaits her. Perhaps she will become a wise 
queen or maybe they will find her little body floating in a river, 
drowned as she tries to return to a Dream World that no longer 
exists.”
“We have come to the end of this story. My thanks to all those 
who have had the patience to listen to the words of this humble 
storyteller. But even the most enchanting places cannot delight 
when you are there against your will, and at this point I think 
it is time to say goodbye to our protagonists, knowing that the 
tragic story of Princess Tuvstarr has also touched their hearts. 
But let the sadness at our parting be tempered by anticipation, 
for our heroes will be caught in another story before too long.

With gratitude, Sherazade the Weaver of Tales.”

194



Scenario Gifts
These Gifts represent special abilities related to the 
Tuvstarr’s Reflection Scenario and can be acquired once 
the requirements are met. A Hunter can only have one 
Scenario Gift and if they acquire a new one, they will have 
to forgo the previous one. Unlike with the normal rules, in 
this case an Interlude it is not necessary to acquire the Gifts.

Hugin and Munin
Requirement: To meet Hugin and Munin and make a 
pact with them.
Once per Scene, you can ask for advice from Hugin and 
Munin. Ask the Storyteller a question, choosing from 
among: “Where should I go?” “How can I defeat that 
enemy?” “What is missing in my search?” The Storyteller 
will answer with a cryptic sentence, which always includes 
a useful hint. Get 1 Additional Success on all Defense 
Checks against an attack from a non-human creature, 
thanks to the blessing of Odin himself. At the beginning 
of each Scene, you must spend 1 Soma to feed the spirits of 
Hugin and Munin, or lose the use of this Gift for the rest of 
the Scenario.

Lance of the Fallen Knight
Requirement: Collect the lance of the knight who died in 
the search for Tuvstarr.
When you wield this spear and obtain an Outcome with 
Increment on an attack, you can inflict 1 Additional 
Wound. The tip of the lance can ignite at will, casting a light 
and allowing you to have a burning fire always near at hand.

195



Onnee  TNhigohutsmanadr easnd 
O

A special Scenario inspired by One Thousa
S n

a d
fe  a

ty n
 K d

e  
y O

w n
or e

d  
s N

: ights
 Mental manipulation / Malignant psychological manipulation

196



O How to use Sherazade

timncee… upon a Sherazade can interfere in many ways during the adventures 
of the Hunters.

Summoning the Shadow of an 
A beautiful storyteller from the mysterious 
East seduces all the courts in which she enemy from the past
performs, telling dark stories about a group The Shadow is a unique opponent, a Dark Presence that 
of Hunters of the Order. But where the story reminds the Hunters of an opponent they’ve already faced. 
ends, a real nightmare begins, as some of the The Shadow sent by Sherazade will act in all respects as an 
characters from the stories are brought to Opponent Dark Presence (in addition to all the normal 

life as monstrous shadows ready to steal the content of the chosen Scenario).

souls of simple mortals... Shadow of Sherazade 
The story at the arrival of the (Opponent Dark Presence)

OL Medium 5 – (1 Wound)
Hunters…
O Descriptor: That of the original NPC.

Agenda: Interfering with and impeding the path of the 
ne Thousand and One Nightmares is a special Hunters of the Order, preventing them from achieving their 

Scenario that can be used during the course of any mission.
Campaign or for a short game. In fact, once Sherazade is Gift - Variable: The Shadow has all the Gifts of the 
introduced as an opponent, this Dark Presence will have original NPC. 
several ways of putting a spoke in the wheel of the Hunters. 
After each interference, the Hunters will be able to collect Gift - Shadow Body: A Shadow is a darker, sadder 
a clue as to the whereabouts of Sherazade and set out in version of the original. They can speak and behave like 
search of her to finally put an end to her work. the character they are modelled after, but on a careful 
 inspection they will appear cold and mechanical. Once per 

Scene, a Shadow can appear or disappear from the darkness 
by moving through walls and other solid obstacles. When 
it spawns, it increases its OL by 1 because of the element 

197



of surprise. When it suffers the Wound that would kill it, it is possible to explore mythology or stories that are not 
the Shadow dissipates until its turn in the Exchange. At fairytale-related, focusing on the group of Hunters who, 
that point, it will emerge from the darkness as if nothing experiencing Sherazade’s story as both audience-member 
had happened. The Shadow will not reappear if the area and Hunter, must solve the mystery to be able to awaken. 
the Hunters are in is fully illuminated with light sources Through a Scenario told by Sherazade, it is also possible 
or magic. The only way to truly destroy the Shadow is to to replay a Scenario already faced, adding a completely 
expose it to sunlight. different element and creating a “what-if ” version of what 

the Hunters have already experienced. 

Telling a story starring the Hunters Just think of a version of Red-Hood Iskra where Elizaveta 
comes to Durfort to save her daughter Iskra, kidnapped by 
the dangerous werewolf Gerard Dubois. Or an alternate 

Another way to involve the Hunters in the plots of telling of The City of Pigs, where the three Browne brothers 
Sherazade is to have them awaken within a story she’s have turned the whole city into a sect of The God Under the 
telling. Tuvstarr’s Reflection on page 182 is a great example Mine and are preparing the rite for his awakening, which 
of a Scenario involving Hunters in this way. obviously consists of sacrificing old Bardolf Greed.

The Scenarios imposed by the stories of Sherazade must be 
created in the classic way presented on page 91, but the Defeating Sherazade
introduction must always be the following.

O From the moment she comes into play, Sherazade should 
become a constant presence in the adventures of the 
Hunters, sending Shadows to get in their way or throwing 

timncee… upon a them in the middle of some absurd story. During the 
Scenario, however, the Hunters must be able to deduce the 
influence of Sherazade and find a clue to her location.

Good evening my dear hosts, my name is Sherazade and I am 
a weaver of tales. My words will take you to incredible worlds How Shadows release clues:
and follow the feats of brave Hunters… however this story ◆	 When it has an obvious advantage, the Shadow says 
is not like the others and these feats are not just imaginary. something like: “My Lady Sherazade will be proud of 
Will our heroes succeed in their quest? Or will they perish, me.”
disappearing forever from the memory of time? ◆	 When defeated, the Shadow can exit the scene shouting, 

“My Lady Sherazade will avenge me.”
The Scenarios brought into the game by Sherazade allow ◆	 When defeated, alternatively, the Shadow can dissipate, 
you to create stories with more fantasy elements, and if you leaving behind a small object typical of the area where 
wish, even stories disconnected from the context of Broken Sherazade currently resides. This could be a coin, a 
Europe in which the Hunters normally move. In this way garment, or a poem. Collecting these items, it will be 

198



clear to the Hunters that they serve as focus to animate thus proving their powerlessness.
the Shadows and that, in fact, they all come from the ◆	 The Hunters may find a way (using magic, with a 
same area. Treasure of the Order, etc.) to drag Sherazade into one 

of the stories in which she has imprisoned them. In this 

How the stories told by Sherazade case, the Weaver of Tales will be forced to collaborate 
with them so as not to remain a prisoner of what she 

reveal clues: has created. At the end of the story, the Hunters will 
meet once more with Sherazade, no longer allies, for 

At the end of each story, when the Scenario is solved, the final confrontation.
the Hunters will see a short scene of Sherazade with her 
audience entranced by what has just been told. The first 
time, the Hunters will be able to understand the region of Sherazade in a Broken Tales 
Europe in which the Weaver of Tales is located; the second Campaign
time, Sherazade herself will turn towards them smiling, as 
if to underline the mutual awareness of the bond that her Due to the recursive nature of her stories, Sherazade is a 
story has created. great addition to any Broken Tales Campaign. In the list 

of clues on page 246 there are also prompts to link her 

How to deal with Sherazade to the story of the Child Savior and The One who Plots in 
the Shadows. As written in her Agenda, Sherazade is not 

At some point, it will become clear to the Hunters that a purely evil character, but more of a wounded soul who 
Sherazade is a problem that needs to be has lost everything she cared about and who could even 
addressed. The journey to find her can develop become an ally of the Hunters.
in several ways: Note: Sherazade is featured as a Hunter of the 

◆	 The Storyteller creates a Scenario to face Order in The Broken Ones expansion.
Sherazade. In the Scenario, the Weaver of 
Tales will be protected by at least one of the 
Main NPCs, fascinated by her Gift Words like 
Honey.

◆	 The Storyteller adds Sherazade to one of 
the unplayed Scenarios. In this case, she 
will act as an Opponent Dark Presence 
that will arrive at the site of the 
investigation at the same time as 
the Hunters. Sherazade will work 
to ensure the Hunters’ failure, 

199



Sthhe Wereaavzera odf eTa  les  
(Opponent Dark Presence)

Sherazade is a young storyteller who, together with her sister 
Dinarzad, was captured and taken to the court of a wealthy Sultan. 
The Sultan was a man with a dark soul who enjoyed inflicting 
fear and pain on other people, and who invented trivial excuses 
to torment poor innocents. The debauched, rich man decided to 
play a game with Sherazade. Every night she had to tell him a 
story. If he liked it, Dinarzad’s execution would be postponed for 
a day. After thirty days of tales, the two sisters would earn their 
freedom. Sherazade created a new story every night, always with 
the threat of displeasing the Sultan and thus condemning her 
beloved sister. But every evening, the Sultan was amazed by the 
beauty of Sherazade’s tales and granted her another day. Thus 
the fateful thirty days passed and on the morning of the thirty-

first, Sherazade was summoned by the Sultan. The man threw 
himself at her feet, weeping, having had Dinarzad executed 

the first night, certain of Sherazade’s failure and eager to 
see her despair even should she succeed. But now, after 
over thirty nights of beautiful stories, the Sultan’s heart was 
filled with love and admiration for Sherazade. He wanted 
her by his side as his bride. The Sultan offered Sherazade all 
his wealth, power, and everything she might desire to forget 

Dinarzad and her death. But Sherazade had her sister’s 
smile etched in her mind as the last happy moment she could 

recall, something not even the Sultan’s great wealth could erase. 
And so all the stories told took shape, black shadows emerging 

from the walls to seize the Sultan and hold him in terrible darkness 

200



for eternity. Empty of any emotion, Sherazade wandered all 
over the known world and finally met a tired and stooped The Shadows 
man, a writer who, like her, had seen every happy memory The Shadows of Sherazade are but the dark reflection of 
destroyed by the selfishness of others. The two forged a bitter what they were in the story they come from.
alliance to bring new life into the stories now broken by the 
wish of the Child Savior. See page 197.

OL Medium 5 – (3 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am a storyteller who can bring the characters 
I invent to life. My charm is so beguiling that it cannot be 
ignored.

Agenda: Punish all those who believe they can change the 
world for the better / Find peace and smile once again.

Gift - Words like Honey: Sherazade can tell one of 
her stories to bring out a memory, an emotion, or a fear. 
Highlight 1 Keyword from this brief story. If a Hunter or 
NPC hears the story and is linked to the Keyword, the 
related emotion will awaken, leading them to open up to 
Sherazade and share something about themselves. 

Gift - A Thousand and One Nights: One of 
the characters from a Scenario already faced 
by the Hunters comes to life as a Shadow. 
Create a Descriptor to represent it. The 
Shadow thus created will be at the service 
of Sherazade and will do whatever they 
are ordered. Shadows cannot speak 
nor act in places where there is more 
light than shadow. During a Scene, 
Sherazade can create a number of 
Shadows equal to the Hunters she 
is facing plus one. For each Hunter 
who has been affected by Words like 
Honey, Sherazade can summon an 
additional Shadow.

201



The City of Pigs
A Scenario inspired by The Three Little Pigs (Joseph Jacobs)
Safety Keywords: Body horror / Worker exploitation / Prostitution / Blasphemy

tOimncee… upon a 
The busy town of Wh
a i

 te
r h
e a
b v

ir e
t n
h  

 is
u  e

n x
d p

e e
r r
 ie

th n
e c
 in

Gr l g
e e  
e a
d d

. er
Th sh

e i
 p

r  
ic o

h f 
 i B

nd a
u rdolf 

c s
o tr

n i
s a
i l
d is

e t
r  
a h

b a
le s 

 f i
o n

r v
t e
u s

n te
e d
  
in h

 i
t s
h  

emplo e 
y e

i x
n t

g r
 a
a c

 l t
a io

r n
ge  

 o
p f

a  c
r o
t a

o l
f ,
  

large t
 h

m e 
i p
n o

e p
 u

n l
e a
a ti

r o
 n

th  a
e t
  the 

i t
n o

e w
v n

it .
a  

b S
l o
e o
 n

a , 
cc th

u e
s r
a e

t  
io c

n a
s s m

 e
o  

tarv f
a  

ti e
o x

n p
 l

w oi
a t

g a
e t
s io
, n

g  
iv and 

g in
ro g

u  
p ri

 se
ca  t

ll o
e  
d a

 n
t  
h a

e n
 a

P r
i c
g h

 i
H st

e  
maca a

b d
r s
e ,
  
m n

a a
s m
ks e

 w d 
it f

h o
 r
w  the

W hic  
it h

h  t
 h
h e

i y
s  c

s o
u v

c e
c r
e  
s th
s e

d ir
a  f

r a
k ces. 

b e
l n
o e

o d
d  

y b
 s y

a  
c d
r i
i s
fi a

c p
e p
s, e

 a a
n ra

d n
 m ce

y s
s ,
t  

in th e
e r
 n io

ig u
h s

t  fi
, B gu

a r
r e
d s

o  m
lf o

tu ving 
t r
h n

e e
 l d

ig  t
h o

t  t
 o h

f e
 h  O

o r
p d

e e
 t r

o  t
 o
th  s

e h
 s i

t n
r e
e  
ets of Whitehaven…

202



d with grief and a wild hope that Arthur wasn’t dead, 

uThs eh setroer…y that led Craze
Frank dug a long vertical tunnel, eventually managing to 
create a communication channel with Arthur. United in 
vengeance and endowed with the power of divine flesh, 
the three brothers then

B  began their personal war against 
Bardolf Greed.

ardolf Greed is a wealthy industrialist who made 
his fortune thanks to s T

h h
re e

wd  s
 d t

e o
al r

s a y
n  

d a
 t t

r  
a t
d h

e. e
 R  

e a
ac r

h r
in i

g v
 t a

he l
  of t

 seventy without an heir, Bardolf has decided H h
u e

n  
ripe old age of t
t e
o r

d s
ed …

icate his life to the only true, great love of his life: 
money. Too old to travel, Bardolf has moved to Whitehaven, Whitehaven is devastated by acts of violence and s
a a
n b

 ot
u a

n g
r e
e , 
markable town whose only resource was the which have interfered with its industrial prod

r u
ic c

h ti
 v
m it

i y
n  

es beneath the city. Within a few years, Bardolf considerably. People are afraid to walk the streets 
t b
ra e

n ca
s u
fo s

r e
m  

ed Whitehaven into an industrial city by trapping a criminal gang, called the Pig Heads, goes 
al a

l r
 o
it u

s n
in d

h  
abitants into employment with starvation wages. kidnapping the most skilled and capable worker

B s.
u  

t F
 r
n o

o m
t  

all of Whitehaven’s citizens were willing to give under the Mine, Arthur leads the rebellion by 
in p

 a
t s
o s

 in
th g

e  
 wealthy magnate. The brothers Clarence, Frank pieces of the quickly regenerating God’s flesh to

a  
n F

d r
 a
A n

r k
t .
h  

ur Browne have always cared for the community. Frank has managed to get hired as a butcher at the b
A i

r g
t  m
hu e

r a
, t
i  
n particular, worked for years to make Whitehaven factory in the city and secretly mixes the flesh of 

a th
 q e

u  G
ie o

t d
to  

wn where every resident could have a home and with common meat, infecting the unsuspecting min
a e
 r
j s
o  

b w
 h
to o

  
get by. Bardolf, however, has bought the town’s eat it. When the mutation begins to take effect, C

fa l
v ar

o e
r n
, c

s e
e  
izing property and leveling houses to build both approaches the targets, offering them the opport

f u
a n
c i
t t
o y

r  
i t
e o
s  
 and dormitories for the now homeless workers. join the gang. Bardolf senses that the city is unde

B r
y  t

 h
f r
a e
ls a

i t
f  
ying some official papers, Bardolf managed to but does not imagine that his enemy is someone he

t  
h a

r lr
o e

w ad
 t y

h  
e three brothers out on the street, forcing them hates: Arthur, left for dead after the accident. With o

to ve
 r
a  
c fi
c ft
e y
p  

t a job as miners or starve. Clarence soon quit, Pig Heads now working in the mines, Arthur cou
ch n

o ts
o  

s t
i h
n e

g  
 the life of a slacker over labor in the mines. Frank days before he can launch his personal revolution.

and Arthur’s time in the mines was ended by a major mine 
collapse, during which Frank lost an arm and a leg, and 
Arthur was trapped by falling rubble and left for dead. The 
collapse was caused by the awakening of The God Under 
the Mine, a huge pig-like creature embedded in the rock 
below the city. Alive and trapped underground, Arthur 
found the God’s head and after days of agony he fed on 
divine flesh, discovering that it confers incredible powers. 

203



1First Scene Initial Situation: Bardolf calmly explains the situation to 
the Hunters, while the trusty William records everything in 
a large black leather book.

Read aloud to the Hunters: Our story starts with you Information: The following information / clues can be 
in conversation with the wealthy industrialist Bardolf Greed. obtained from the interview with Bardolf.
Mr. Greed is a man in his seventies, his face plump and ◆	 A gang of criminals wanders through the backways of 
surrounded by thick, lupine sideburns, while a pair of shrewd the city. They kidnap or injure only the factory workers 
eyes peek out over small round glasses. Bardolf ’s mansion is a to make them unable to work. Nobody recognizes 
perfect example of the changes that big industries are bringing them, because they hide their faces under grotesque 
to Europe and the rich magnate has spared no expense, nor pig masks.
has he spared the wretched workers whose sweat built it. ◆	 The city had been given new life thanks to Bardolf ’s 
With a bottle of fine wine near at hand, Bardolf fumbles with investments. Only one family (the Brownes) strongly 
his box of tobacco. Behind him stands a dozen men from his opposed the birth of the Factories, but in the end, they 
personal guard, making it clear that the wealthy industrialist too became Greed’s employees.
does not feel safe at all... ◆	 The mine works at full capacity under the watchful 

Place: control of Edward Right, an honest and dutiful man. 
 The dining room of Greed’s palace. Paintings and The textile factories also operate constantly, as does the 

cutlery with gold lining highlight Bardolf ’s great wealth. large slaughterhouse run by Frank Browne.
Greed’s personal guards stand with their backs to the wall, ◆	 For Greed, productivity is everything. If forced to 
staring at the guests like silent statues. choose, Hunters should put the preservation of property 
Time: It is early afternoon. Visible through the window is a and machinery before the lives of the townspeople.
sky gray with rain and fumes from the factories, which are 
constantly active.

204



Greed’s Mansion 
Descriptor: Bguaarrddolf’s personal 

 A small castle in the center of Whitehaven. The 
pomp of each room underlines Greed’s incredible wealth.

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Bthea Wrdeao
Descriptor: We are long-time mercenaries, paid hand-
somely by Bardolf for our loyalty.

ltlhf yG Irneduesdtr ialist
OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: I am a wealthy and skilled businessman who 
always knows how to find a good deal, the one that turns a 
profit for me. My body is old, but my mind remains infallible.

Agenda: Own every business and aspect of trade in 
Whitehaven, so that the whole city is under my total control.

Gift - Smell the deal: Bardolf is a master of negotiation 
and reading others. After talking to a subject, Bardolf 
can obtain one of the following pieces of information: 
1. Discover a secret regarding the person he is speaking 
with; 2. Obtain an object or piece of information valuable 
to the other party in the negotiation, and which he can use 
as leverage. A Hunter can make a Defense Check to prevent 
Bardolf from using this Gift on them.

William the Man of Law
OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: I am a prominent lawyer and I know all of 
Bardolf ’s secrets. I manage the accounts of both the Factories 
and mine with zealous attention.

205



The Factories
Descriptor: A series of shoddy, stone buildings used as textile factories and 

foundries. Access is forbidden to outsiders.

If the Hunters talk to some workers, they can get the following information. 

Roll a die or pick from the list:
1-2: Everyone aspires to work at the slaughterhouse where the shifts are less 

pressing, but the unpleasant Frank Browne selects the staff. Frank ignores even 

the most piteous plea and no one understands how he chooses who can work 

alongside him.

3-4: Just outside the city there is an apple orchard that once employed many 

inhabitants of Whitehaven. Now it is just a place where slackers like Clarence 

Browne, as well as those who are unable to work in the factories or in the mine, 

take refuge.

5-6: Not long ago, there was a collapse in the mines that injured or killed many 

miners. Arthur Browne, a prominent citizen who did much for the city before 

Greed’s arrival, was one of the victims.

Whitehaven
Descriptor: An industrial city growing around a large coal mine. The noise and 

fumes from the factories fill the air at every hour of the day, while groups of workers 

go back and forth waiting for their shift.

When the Hunters roam the city, roll 1 die.
1-2: They meet Clarence, who will try to pump the Hunters for information by 

pretending to be well connected.

3-4: They meet Emma, who offers her services and is curious to talk to foreigners.

5-6: A group of Pig Heads equal to double the number of Hunters set up an 

ambush.

206



The Pig Heads Emma the Childhood Friend
OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) Descriptor: I am a childhood friend of Clarence and have 
Descriptor: We are a band of revolutionaries in the service a special relationship with him. He has always promised that 
of the three brothers. The God’s flesh gives us power and fills he will take me away from this place, but I know that he will 
us with the anger we need to wage our war. never abandon his brothers. I understand that he has a big 

Gift – Pigs’ Gang: secret, but tries to protect me by keeping me in the dark.
 When they act, each member of the 

gang changes to become stronger. Their head becomes 
that of a pig and only another Pig Head will be able to 
communicate with them. Their mutation grants a random 
power, roll 1 die. 1. Strength The Orchard

, able to inflict 1 additional Descriptor: A large apple orchard which, before the arrival 
Wound once per Scene; 2. Speed, once per Scene acts of the factories, was one of the main sources of work in the 
2 times consecutively; 3. Resistance, +1 Wound; city. Now, however, it is abandoned and represents a home for 
4. Abomination, +1 to Opposition Level; 5. Grunt, all those who cannot get a job.
once per Scene can emit a loud squeal, enemies who hear it 
receive 1 Penalty on their next action; 6. Out of control, When the Hunters roam the orchard, roll 1 die, or present 
the OL rises to Hard 7 but, at the end of their action, the the encounters in sequence.
NPC explodes into a cloud of flesh and blood. 1-2 The orchard: The trees have been neglected and on 

the ground there are still abandoned tools and baskets for 

Martha Browne the Mother harvesting apples. A sign next to a tool shed reads “Gift 
courtesy of the Browne family”.

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) 3-4 Clarence’s shack: A rickety rundown house with a 
Descriptor: I am the mother of three brothers, and I am thatched roof. Inside, it is possible to find a rusty key that 
so old that I have almost completely lost my sight. My son says “slaughterhouse” and a sketched map of the mines that 
Frank takes care of me, but he doesn’t tell me anything. I says “well”. Around the hut there are always 1d6 + 2 Pig 
am convinced that Arthur is not dead, for my instinct as a Heads.
mother tells me so. 5-6 Clarence: The youngest of the Browne brothers is 

lying on the ground, visibly drunk, under an apple tree. 
Clarence always pretends to be drunk with strangers to take 
them off guard.

207



Clarence Browne the 
Younger Brother T

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds) Shlaeu ghterhouse
Descriptor: I am the youngest of the Pig Heads and, despite Descriptor: A huge gray building inside which cattle from 
believing in our fight, I am not going to waste much time on coastal pastures are slaughtered. Entry is forbidden to non-
it. From hanging around, I know Whitehaven like the back workers.
of my hand.

Agenda: Having fun and lazing around all day, carrying on When the Hunters wander around the slaughterhouse, roll 
the Pig Head’s cause in my spare time. 1 die to see how far they go without attracting attention, or 

Gift - Slacker: present the environments in sequence.
 Clarence is a master of the art of 1-2 The outdoor garden: It is more an open-air barn 

disappearing when things get tough. In the presence of than a garden patch. Bloodstains and excrement suggest 
even a small crowd, Clarence can leave a Scene when it that the slaughter starts here. Several signs reading “No 
is his turn to act, without anything or anyone being able Trespassing” suggest that the area is very controlled.
to stop him. When using this Gift, Clarence hides in the 
orchard, passing the entire following Scene there. 3-4 The slaughterhouse: Composed of a series of large 

spaces, several stairs lead to underground chambers where 
the meat is preserved. Around ten workers are present day 

Gift - Gang Leader: Eating the flesh of The God Under and night, all members of the Pig Heads.
the Mine gives the Browne brothers the ability to transform 5-6 The salting room: A small room at the back of the 
into monstrous beings. Once per Scene, the NPC can 
mutate, gaining the following benefits: 1. building, where Frank prepares the meat that will be served 

Recover a Wound in the cafeterias throughout the city. During the day Frank 
once they reach 0. Though apparently dead, the NPC will is always present, intent on hiding the flesh of the God 
revive within minutes of falling; 2. Once per Scene, act a within freshly butchered beef.
second time during the Exchange, even consecutively; 
3. Once per Scene, increase the Opposition Level by 2 for 
a single action where they can harness their superhuman 
strength.

208



Frank Browne the Middle 
Brother The Mine

Descriptor: A gigantic coal mine where miners work day 
OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (4 Wounds) and night. Many areas are abandoned in favor of more 

Descriptor: profitable veins. 
 I am the middleman of the Pig Heads and act 

as the strongarm of the gang. I have control over all cultists, Gift - Maze of Galleries: Whitehaven’s Mine is gigantic 
and the power of The God Under the Mine has given me and without a guide it’s not easy to get to a specific location. 
strength and endurance equal to that of five men. With each exploration roll, you can get 1 or more Map 

Agenda: Tokens which represent progress in learning the layout of 
 Take revenge on Bardolf for what he did to me and 

the mine. Upon reaching 3 Map Tokens, you can go directly 
find a remedy for the wounds that have marred me since the 

to the Special result.
day of the accident / Mix the flesh of The God Under the Mine 
with beef from the slaughterhouse and feed it to the miners to 
add to the ranks of the gang. When the Hunters explore the mine, roll 1 die or choose 

directly based on the narrative.
Gift - The Pincer: Frank replaced his left arm with a 1-2 Work zone A: Threading through the tunnels, 
home-made mechanical arm with many functions. During deafened by the sound of steam engines and digging, the 
a Scene, Frank can use each of the following one time: Hunters encounter a group of miners (2d6 + 6 Minor 
1. Crush, a hit with the pincer inflicts 1 additional Wound; NPCs). If the Hunters do something weird, one of the 
2. Pulley, the pincer can launch from the arm and raise workers will alert Edward. Exploration will yield 1 Map 
or lower Frank about thirty feet. Frank can carry 2 other Token.
subjects with him. 3-4 Work zone B: Threading through the tunnels, 
Gift - Gang Leader: Eating the flesh of The God Under deafened by the sound of steam engines and digging, the 
the Mine gives the Browne brothers the ability to transform Hunters encounter a group of miners (2d6 + 6 Minor 
into monstrous beings. Once per Scene, the NPC can NPCs). If the Hunters do something weird, 1d6 + 6 miners 

mutate, gaining the following benefits: 1. Recover a Wound will reveal themselves as Pig Heads and attack. Exploration 

once they reach 0. Though apparently dead, the NPC will will yield 2 Map Tokens.

revive within minutes of falling; 2. Once per Scene, act a 5-6 Abandoned lodging: In an area close to the collapse, 
second time during the Exchange, even consecutively; 3. recent traces of passage can be found. The Hunters meet 
Once per Scene, increase the Opposition Level by 2 for a Frank and 5 Pig Heads who are going to the well to meet up 
single action where they can harness their superhuman with Arthur. Exploration will yield 2 Map Tokens.
strength. Special (3 Map Tokens): By moving a heavy stone, 

the Hunters will find the mouth of the well that leads to 
Arthur’s chamber. The shaft is narrow and thirty feet deep, 

209



but with a little attention a person can descend it. Climbing 
down the pit can alert Arthur (see the Cave of The God 
Under the Mine location on page 210).

Edward the Miners’ Chief
OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: I am a long-time friend of Arthur and mourn 
his death. Everyone in the mine does what I say, and I hate 
foreigners who want to poke their nose into my work. I allow 
Frank into the mine often to visit the place where Arthur died.

TGhe Cave of the 
Moidne Under the 
Descriptor: A large natural cave, which Arthur has made 
into a home. You can enter only by descending from a narrow 
well. In the north wall, the enormous pig head of the God 
gasps and groans as it waits to wake up.

Gift - Arthur’s House: The mastermind behind the Pig 
Heads worked hard to make the Cave an intruder-proof 
haven. If someone drops from the well, Arthur will be 
alerted (a Position Check can avoid this). At the bottom of 
the well is a large tub that Arthur can fill with boiling water. 
Whoever arrives through the well suffers 1 Wound if they 
have no way of avoiding the hot water. Inside the room, 
Arthur can turn the lights on and off thanks to a system 
he has invented, throwing the chamber into either light or 
darkness. While intruders wander blindly, Arthur can use 
his knowledge of the place to move freely.

210



Arthur Browne the Big 
Brother

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (2 Wounds)
Descriptor: I am the eldest of the Pig Heads and act as 
the mastermind of the gang. Living in my natural prison has tThhee M Gioned Under 
taught me how to see even in total darkness. OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (6 Wounds)
Agenda: Take revenge on Bardolf for corrupting everything Descriptor: I am a creature as old as the world, trapped 
I built in Whitehaven and regain control of the city / beneath the bedrock. Millennia of inactivity have made me 
Transforming all the inhabitants of Whitehaven into Pig catatonic and there is nothing that can really wake me up. 
Heads. Only pain can stir me even slightly.
Gift - The Flesh of The God Under the Mine: Arthur Gift - The Head of the God: Only the enormous head of 
can tear pieces of flesh from the God’s head to harness its the God emerges from the rock, and pieces of meat can be 
powers. When he spends an action, the piece becomes obtained from it. When he suffers 1 Wound, the God emits 
a Spawn of the God and begins to grow disgustingly, a loud grunt that sends everyone flying (a Defense Check 
engaging all nearby enemies. Arthur can tear one piece of can avoid this). As an additional effect of the grunt, the 
meat off per action, up to a maximum of 3. God’s fetid breath taints the air, granting 1 Penalty to the 
Gift - Gang Leader: Eating the flesh of The God Under next action of all affected subjects, excluding Arthur. When 
the Mine gives the Browne brothers the ability to transform reduced to 0 Wounds, the God falls into a deep sleep to 
into monstrous beings. Once per Scene, the NPC can fully regenerate in the following Scene.
mutate, gaining the following benefits: 1. Recover a Wound 
once they reach 0. Though apparently dead, the NPC will Spawn of The God Under the 
revive within minutes of falling; 2. Once per Scene, act 
a second time during the Exchange, even consecutively; 
3. Mine

Once per Scene, increase the Opposition Level by 2 for OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (2 Wounds)
a single action where they can harness their superhuman 
strength. Descriptor: An abomination of flesh and tentacles, obeying 

Arthur’s will.

Gift – Flesh Abomination: A Spawn can perform its 
action with a flesh tentacle up to a range of 6 feet, and at the 
end of each Exchange it will grow as indicated in the table. 
If not engaged in a conflict, the Spawn will grow 1 step per 

211



Scene. When the Spawn acts, roll 1 die: from 1 to 5 it will 
rage against one of Arthur’s enemies chosen at random. On 
a 6, it will act against an ally or Arthur himself. If the Spawn 
has more actions, roll the die for each single action.

Step Wounds Actions OL Special
1 +1 / +1 Range of 12 feet.

2 / +1 +1 If a target fails a Defense Check, in addition to suffering 1 Wound it will 
be dragged towards the Spawn or thrown away.

3 +1 / +1 Mass growth to a size of 18 cubic feet.

Scenario Events brother, passing him pieces of meat to create several Spawn 
of the God.

In this Scenario, there are eight Events. As a Storyteller, feel After Arthur creates the th
S i

c r
e d

n  S
free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 
Hunte e p

rs : awn in the same 
 

. The God Under the Mine goes mad with pain 
If the supply of infected meat is not stopped: and tries to move, causing a new earthquake. The mine 

 after collapses, overwhelming everyone i
t n
w s

o id
 d e

a , 
ys t

 h
fr o

o u
m gh

 t  
he th

 a e
r  
rival of the Hunters the Pig Heads will Hunters may find a quick way to escap

n e.
umber over one hundred and Arthur will give the order 

to attack the city. If the Hunters talk to B
If the Hunters discover that Arthur is still alive: b a

r r
o d

t o
h l

e f 
r a

s b
 a o

n u
d t 

 e th
x e

p  
r t

e h
s r

s e
 a e 

ny doubts about them: the
  

B sh
a r
r e
d w

o d
lf  

 m
wi o

ll n
 g e

i y
v m

e a
fu k

l e
l r
 a  w

cc il
e l
s  a
s s
 t k

o  
 f
t o
h r

e  t
 i
m m

i e
n ,

e  a
 a n

n d
d  a

 i ft
ts e

 r
m  1

a  S
p c

s e
. n

W e 
i h
th e

  
t w
h i

e ll
m  b

, r
 i
i n
t g

w  t
i o
ll  

 t
b h

e e
  H
po u

s n
s t
ib er

le s 
 e
to it

 h
c e
a r
l  
c E
u m

la m
te a

 t ,
h  E

e d
 e w

x a
a r
c d
t ,
  
l o
o r

c  M
ati a

o r
n th

 o a
f .
 

The God Under the Mine. If the Hunters commit to 
o m

If the Hunters make their way to the mine and ut o
s r

i e
d  

e t
 h

t a
h n

e  
 o

c n
it e

y  
: Scenes 
 Clarence will attempt to assassinate 

Clarence or Frank know about it: Bardolf in his palace, but will fail and e
 n
 F d

r  
a u
n p

k  
 o
w n

i  
l t
l h
 s e

e  r
t u

u n
p ,

  
a ch
 d a

e s
f e
e d
n  

s b
e y

w  
i t
t h
h e

 a  
 g
d u

o a
z r
e d
n s

  
P a

ig ft
 e
H r 

ea b
d e

s in
, a g

n  
d in

 A ju
r r
t e
h d

u . 
r B

w a
i r
ll d

 h o
e lf
l  
p w

 h i
i l
s l
  

212



call the Hunters in to report, describing a Pig Head who 
was acting alone and who is now wounded and therefore There Is No House That Can Stop 
recognizable. Me (Special Gift for Garou the Old 
Scenario Gifts Wolf)
These Gifts represent special abilities related to the The City Requirement: Clash with one of the brothers who has 
of Pigs Scenario and can be acquired once the requirements made use of the Leader of the Gang of Pigs Gift.
are met. A Hunter can only have one Scenario Gift and if Those damned pigs get on your nerves and you can’t stand 
they acquire a new one, they will have to forgo the previous them running away from your wrath. You get 2 Additional 
one. Successes when you take action to destroy or overcome an 

environmental obstacle that stands between you and one 

The Meat of The God Under the Mine of the three Pigs at the head of the gang. You hate to lose 
to them. If you have to leave or flee from a place without 

Requirement: eliminating them, you lose 1 Soma.
 Obtain a piece of the flesh of the God at the 

slaughterhouse or defeat a Spawn.
You can consume the flesh of the God to temporarily gain T
power. Once per Scene, you can heal 1 Wound and gain 
1 Additional Success for all physical actions you take. You Che  Scenario The 
have to wait an entire Scene for the remaining flesh to 
regenerate. If you use this Gift in 2 consecutive Scenes, the 
flesh is consumed and you won’t be able to use it anymore. Sictyenoef sPigs in 
The Brand of Greed 1 FIRST SCENE – The interview 
Requirement: with Bardolf Greed

 To gain the trust and respect of Bardolf 
Greed. It’s the same one you find on page 204.
Bardolf trusts only those who demonstrate cunning and 
ability, granting such people a special pass called The Brand End of Scene: Bardolf asks the Hunters to gather 
of Greed. With the Brand you get free access to any place in information in the city and its factories, go to the SECOND 
the city, without the person in charge being able to object to SCENE - Visit to the city.
your entrance. Get 1 Additional Success when you exploit 
the Mark’s importance against a city dweller.

213



2 SECOND SCENE – Visit to the city seen, and from the smell of blood that saturates the air it 
seems that it works at full capacity day and night. A rusty, old 

Read aloud to the Hunters: gate is all that separates you from the main door, but the bars 
 Whitehaven is the ultimate on the windows and the many “No Trespassing” signs suggest 

representation of what intellectuals in drawing rooms call that it is not a place where outsiders are welcome.
the “industrial revolution.” The small brick houses fade 
in the presence of the large factories which, in a few years, Place: The great slaughterhouse of Whitehaven.
have completely changed the appearance of what was once 
little more than a peasant village. Busy workers run like Time: It is now night even if, from the lights in the 
industrious ants,    among them old people and children. windows, the slaughterhouse does not seem to have ceased 
Whitehaven no longer has anything to offer to those unable its activities.
to work. Information: The Hunters explore the place following 
Place: The alleys of the city of Whitehaven, amongst the list in ascending order (page 208). Once they arrive at 
workers and people who live for the day. the salting room, they will find Frank intent on mixing the 

flesh of the God with the meat for the miners’ meals. Frank 
Time: It is late afternoon, and a faint rain begins to fall. In will fight to the death. Having knocked out the middle 
just over an hour, night will fall. brother, and upon searching the room, the Hunters will 

Information: find the flesh of the God and a map representing a specific 
 Between the back alleys of the city and area of the mine. 

the factory workers, the Hunters receive all 3 pieces of 
information found at the factories location (page 206). End of Scene: Hunters can also go to the orchard (THIRD 
After gathering these, it will be dark, and a group of Pig SCENE OPTION B - The Orchard) or go to the mine, 
Heads equal to twice the number of Hunters will ambush where it is clear that something is happening to the miners 
them. Once the fight is resolved, the Hunters will see that (FOURTH SCENE - The Mine).
one of the attackers is wearing a butcher’s coat and another 
is dressed as a beggar. THIRD SCENE OPTION B – 
End of Scene: The Hunters can decide to investigate 3b
the slaughterhouse (THIRD SCENE OPTION A - The The Orchard
Slaughterhouse) or the orchard (THIRD SCENE OPTION Read aloud to the Hunters: You walk for about ten 
B - The Orchard). minutes before you reach a large apple orchard, clearly 

abandoned. Old wooden sheds and rusty tools left out in the 
THIRD SCENE OPTION A – rain confirm your suspicions. Among the shadows you can 

The Slaughterhouse 3a see the silhouettes of the beggars and other poor people who 
rest in the only place in the city where money is not required 

Read aloud to the Hunters: to live.
 The city’s slaughterhouse is 

perhaps one of the largest buildings the Hunters have ever 

214



Place: The orchard, a few minutes’ walk from Whitehaven. Hunters somehow reveal themselves, the 
threatened family member will activate 

Time: It is night and has stopped raining. A timid full the power of the God’s flesh to create a 
moon appears among the open clouds. Spawn.

Information: Clarence will approach the Hunters End of Scene: The Hunters have 
trying to figure out who they are and, once he realizes discovered Arthur’s hideout, go to the 
that they pose a danger to the gang, will seek to mislead FIFTH SCENE - The God Under the 
them. He will attempt to highlight Greed’s shady business Mine.
and that his loyal lawyer William has all the evidence of 
the industrialist’s illicit trafficking. If cornered, Clarence 
will fight with the support of the Pig Heads, but not to the FIFTH SCENE – The 
death. Clarence will reveal everything that happens at the God Under the Mine
mine if that can save his life. In his shack, it is possible to 5
find a map of the mine with a mark on a specific point. Read aloud to the Hunters: From the 
End of Scene: Hunters can also go to the slaughterhouse narrow well you see a light and hear a man 
(THIRD SCENE OPTION A - The Slaughterhouse) or go to talking to himself. A long, low, prolonged moan 
the mine, where it is clear that something is happening to seems to come from who-knows-what strange 
the miners (FOURTH SCENE - The Mine). creature.

Place: The cave where Arthur is trapped.

4 FOURTH SCENE – The Mine Time: The time of reckoning.

Read aloud to the Hunters: When you arrive at the End of Scene: At this point, it will be up to the 
mine, you avoid the main entrance and, following the map, Hunters to decide which path to take, but it will soon 
you come to a played-out vein of coal. Following the railroad become clear to them that Arthur is now insane and 
tracks, now in disuse, you enter the darkness. cannot control his obsession with Bardolf Greed’s ruin. 

Place: If the Hunters waste too much time Frank, Clarence, or 
 The abandoned area of the Whitehaven Mine. other Pig Heads could arrive, depending on how much of 

Time: a challenge you want.
 It is night and the mine is completely dark.

Information: The Hunters will find Frank or Clarence 
(determined by which location they haven’t visited yet) 
heading for a meeting with Arthur. If both brothers have 
been eliminated, old Martha will be the one to visit her son. 
If not discovered, the Hunters will see the family member 
receive a piece of meat by pulling it up from the well. If the 

215



Saint George 
the Dragon Slayer

A special Scenario inspired by St. George 
and the Dragon
Safety Keywords: Religious zeal / Persecution

216



t George
tOimncee… upon a How to use Sain

Saint George will join the group of Hunters as soon as they 
have solved a few Scenarios and earned a bit of fame. As an 
Ally Dark Presence, Saint George will support the Hunters 
on their travels. Howev

Th er, 
e it
r  w
e il

w l s
a o

s o
 n
a  

 b
b ec

r o
a m

v e
e  
 c
a le

n ar
d  t

 h
d a

e t 
voted fighter who his zeal for everything Broken Tales-related will m

m a
a ke

d  h
e i
 m
th  

e fight against monsters his reason difficult to manage. 
for living. Saint George is perhaps the most 
important and po S

w ai
e n
r t 
fu G

l e
 or

m ge
e  p
m o

b ss
e es
r s
 es

o  
f a
  G

th ift
e  
 called The Judgment of 

O th
r e
d  

e S
r a
, in
 b t. 

u W
t h he

i n
s  
 z e

e n
a ou

l g
i h
n  

 S
p u

u sp
n ic

i i
s o
h n

i  
n T

g ok
 t e

h ns
e  
 h
B a

r v
o e 

k b
e e
n en

  
accumulated, the Saint 

T w
a i

l ll
e  
s b
 e
c co
a m

n e
  
b a

e n
  O
a p

t p
h on

re en
a t

t  
 D
t a
o r

 k
t  
he Hunters too... Presence and will try to arrest the Hunters as he 

P se
e es
r  
h th

a em
ps  

 the real enemy does not hide in the as representing the darkness that the Church fights.
shadows, but walks beside them...

uThs eh setroer…y that led Saint Geor
(Al g

ly D e
ar  

k  
 Presence)

S Once upon a time there was a cheerful child named George 
who often wandered away from home to run and play in the 
woods. One day, George fell into

a  t
in he

t  
G ri

e v
o er

r  
g a

e n
 t d

h  
e in
 D  t

r h
a e
g  

o b
n lin

 S k
l  
ayer is a special Scenario of an eye, he was drownin

t g
h . 

a O
t n

ca  t
n h

 e
b  

e v
 e
u r

s g
e e
d  o

 d f 
u d

r e
i a
n t

g h
 ,
a  t
n h

y e
  
C ch

a i
m ld

p  
aign or for a short game. felt an incredible force pus

I h
n i

 n
fa g

c  
t h
, i
 o m

n  
c to
e  
 S th

a e
in  s

t u
 G rf

e a
o c

r e
g  a

e n
h d

a  
s s
 o
b o

e n
en  

 included as a support to found himself on the bank
th  o

e f
  
H th

u e
n  r

t i
e v
r e
s r
, ,
  
h s

e o
 a
w k

i e
l d
l  

h t
a o
v  t

e h
 s e

e  b
v o

er n
a e
l s
  
methods of foiling plans, but still alive. His savior w

w a
h s

e  
t a
h  

e st
r r
 a
l n
ai g

d e
 , 
b li

y z
 a
f r
r d
ie -

n lik
d e

s  
 c
o r

r e
 a
f t
o u

e r
s e
.  
 Saint George will fight with incredibly human ey

a e
l s
o .

n  A
gs  

i D
d r

e a
 t g

h o
e n
 !
H  t

u h
n o

t u
e g
r h
s, t

  
b t

u h
t e
  
h c

i h
s i
 l
s d
t ,
e  
rn gaze and inquisitorial throwing himself on the cre

s a
p t

i u
r r
it e

 ’
m s n

u e
s c
t k
 b , 

e a
 n
k d

e  
p a

t  
 d
a e
t e
 b p

a  f
y r

 i
s e
o n

 d
th sh

at i
 p
t  
he Saint does not unleash was born between the tw

t o
h . 

e I
 f n

u  
r th
y e

o  
f f
 o
t l
h lo

e w
 C i

h n
u g 

r y
c e
h a

 a rs
g ,

a  
i G
n e

s o
t r

it g
s e
  
own agents. took every opportunity to meet his secret friend and learn 

from him the wonders of magic, and what is hidden from 
the eyes of ordinary people. Then, a plague struck the village 
where George lived, killing his parents. The lad’s appeals for 
the Dragon’s help fell on deaf ears, despite the creature being 

217



capable of healing any disease. The Dragon, out of fear of being discovered 
and killed, refused to heal the people of the village. Twenty years passed 

and George took his vows, becoming a Holy fighter in the service of the 
Papacy. He led more than one battle against the forces of evil. When the 
Saint returned to his old village, he walked into the forest in search of 
his old friend. The Dragon was happy to see George again after such 
a long time and came out... only to realize that he had come before his 
executioner.

OL Medium 5 – (4 Wounds)

Descriptor: I am a Holy knight in the service of the Church. I am skilled 
at hunting and defeating any monster. Nothing escapes my inquisitive gaze.

Agenda: Find every creature linked to the Broken Tales and exterminate 
them so that they can do no harm / Truly understand the nature of the Broken 

Tales.

Gift - The Holy Dragon Slayer: Saint George starts the Scenario with 1 Fervor 
Token. When facing an enemy that is visibly monstrous, he can spend 1 Fervor Token 

to allow an allied Hunter to inflict 1 additional Wound. When such an enemy unveils one 
of their Gifts, Saint George can spend 1 Fervor Token to grant 2 Additional Successes on 

a Defense Check to any allied Hunter. Whenever he suffers 1 Wound, Saint George 
receives 1 Fervor Token.

Gift - The Judgment of the Saint: Saint George keeps everyone under 
observation, even the Hunters he accompanies. During a Scene, if a Hunter 

activates their Dark Ego or uses any Gift that allows them to employ 
magic or terrorize ordinary people in the presence of Saint George, add 
1 Suspicion Token on this Gift. During a Scene, Saint George can keep a 

Hunter under observation, making them uncomfortable. When 
he does, the Storyteller may spend 1 Suspicion Token to 

impose 1 Penalty to a Hunter Check. Suspicion Tokens 
carry over from one Scenario to another. When there 

are Suspicion Tokens equal to twice the number of 
Hunters, Saint George engages in a Witch Hunt 

and becomes an Opponent Dark Presence.

218



How to manage Saint George arrive driven by a premonition that there is a monster 
to hunt down and smite. The Saint will be open and 

Once introduced in the Campaign or in the single Scenario, supportive towards the Hunters, at least until he has 
Saint George will be a recurring presence to whom the accumulated the first Suspicion Token. This is a good 
Hunters must be accountable. As the highest representative way to introduce Saint George to a Campaign for the 
of the Papacy, the Saint has full authority over all members first time.
of the Order. ◆	 Once the Suspicion Tokens accrued are twice the 

number of Hunters, Saint George will launch a 
For the Hunters, it will be clear that Saint George could be Witch Hunt, and will become an Opponent Dark 
a good ally, but that under his stern gaze not everything is Presence with the corresponding profile. From that 
permitted. moment on, like any Opponent, the Storyteller will be 

able to use him to impede the Hunters and to create a 
◆	 The Storyteller can add Saint George to the party special Scenario leading to the final confrontation with 

throughout the Scenario. Even if he has the authority Saint George.
to make all the decisions, it wouldn’t be fun to play the 
Session with an NPC leading the Hunters by a leash. The 
Saint will therefore remain in the background, curious 
to observe the Hunters and their work as members of 
the Order. The Storyteller must immediately make it Saint George 
clear that the Saint is at their disposal with his Gifts, 
but that The Ju (

d O
gm p

e p
nt o

 o n
f e

th n
e t

S  
a D
in a

t r
ca k

n  
q P

ui r
ck e

ly s
 e
tu n

rn c
 e)

him into an enemy. The Holy Fighter who eradicates darkness in a
◆ ll

	  
Th its 

e f
 o
S r

t m
o s

r .
y  

teller can add Saint George to the party, There are skilled Paladins in his service, ready to 
b ca

u r
t r
 y

t  
h o

e u
 t

S  
aint will act independently and appear his every command.

only in some Scenes. In this way, the Saint will apply 
more pressure on the Hunters, judging behaviors that 
he considers unbecoming for a member of t O

he L
 O  M

rd e
e d
r. i

 um 5 – (4 Wounds)
He will always give support with his Gifts, but the 
Storyteller will be able to use him more as a nuisance Descriptor: I am a devout knight in t
t h
h e

a  
n s

 a e
n rv

y i
t c
h e

i  
n o

g f
  
else. the Church. I am adept at hunting and

◆  
	 Th cap

e t
 u

S r
t i
o n

r g
y  

t a
e n
ll y

e  
r will only let Saint George step in manifestation of darkness. I know every Hunte

w r
h  in

en  t
 h
it e

  
i O
s r

c d
le e

a r 
r that a monstrous creature is featured and I know how to defeat them.

in the Scenario. For example, in Red-Hood Iskra he 
could come after the appearance of Greskar (page Agenda: Find the Hunters who have shown to be linked to 
125) or due to the presence of The Ancient Enemy the Broken Tales and lock them up in the Church’s prisons. 
as a Dark Presence (page 49). Saint George will Whoever opposes my sentence will perish, suffering the 

judgment of God himself.

219



Gift - Witch Hunt: When he becomes an Opponent 
Dark Presence, Saint George acquires a number of Fervor Paladins of the Church
Tokens equal to the number of Hunters. When facing a A group of faithful Paladins in the service of Saint George.

Hunter he’s been tracking down, he can spend 1 Fervor 
Token to inflict 1 additional Wound on top of the normal OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (2 Wounds)
one, or just 1 Wound if the Hunter succeeds on their 
Defense Check. The only way to avoid this Wound is to 
have an Outcome with Increment and spend it to nullify Descriptor: I am a Paladin in the service of the great Saint 

the Gift’s effect. Saint George can spend 1 Fervor Token to George himself and his word, for me, is law. Years of training 

transform any Position Check’s result for an action against have made me adept at fighting the Broken Tales.
him into a Failure so long as the Hunter performing it has Note: Each Paladin has a different Downside, indicated in 
at least one Descriptor related to magic or a monstrous 
characteristic.    Saint George regenerates Fervor Tokens the Paladin Gift.

equal to the number of Hunters at the beginning of each Gift - Paladins: Each Paladin has a name and a dedicated 
Scenario. Gift, and a Downside to add to the standard Descriptor. 

Gift - The Judgment of the Saint: The Storyteller rolls 1 die to decide which Paladin follows 
 Saint George keeps 

everyone under observation, even when hunting down Saint George in the Witch Hunt. Saint Geoge has a number 
of Paladins equal to that of the Hunters he hunts.

Hunters. During a Scene, if a Hunter activates their Dark 
Ego to perform a good deed or uses any Gift that allows 
them to use magic or manipulate ordinary people to do 
a good deed in the presence of Saint George, he adds 1 
Judgment Token on this Gift. Judgment Tokens carry over 
from one Scenario to the next. When a number of Judgment 
Tokens equal to the number of Hunters are staked on this 
Gift, Saint George will make amends, declaring that he was 
wrong in his judgment, putting an end to the Witch Hunt.

220



Roll First Name Downside Paladin Gift
izond can make use of weapons and exotic 

 seized From a Far Country: Treb
Trebizond, the Sometimes, I am objects with which to surprise opponents. Once per Scene, she can create a 

1 princess of a by an unshakeable nts a special belonging, such as Magic-Finding Dust or 
curiosity about new Descriptor that represe

Distant Country.  a Blade. When using her special equipment, Trebizond 
things. A Whip as Sharp as

increases her Opposition Level by 1.

I put the defense of my Guardian: Once per Exchange, Demetrius can take 1 Wound in place of one 
2 Saint Demetrius companions before my of his allies. When he does, he increases his Opposition Level by 1 for the rest 

own life. of the Scene.
 1 Additional Wound when raging against 

The ecstasy of battle is Furious: Theodore always inflicts

3 an enemy. He still inflicts 1 Wound even if the Defense Check is a successful 
Saint Theodore for me the sweetest of only way to avoid the effect of this Gift is to spend an 

pleasures. Outcome. The 
Increment to cancel the Wound.

I do not think that the 

4 Friendly: Any Hunter who acts against Martha when there are other Paladins 
Saint Martha Broken Tales should 

be eradicated, but only as potential targets will receive 2 Penalties on their action.
understood.

I am the oldest of the Veteran: Once per Scene, Syrus can negate the effect of a Gift activated by a 
5 Saint Syrus Paladins and I only trust Hunter. The Saint will find a method to counter Gifts, drawn from his great 

my own judgment. experience.

I want to affirm my rgaret increases her Opposition Level by 1 for each Wound 
6 Saint Margaret role in the Church and Ambition: Ma

aint George has suffered. Once per Scene, when Saint George suffers 1 
overthrow that arrogant that S

Saint George. Wound, Margaret can immediately perform 1 additional action.

S Savior and of the One Who Plots in the Shadows. As written 
in his Agenda, Saint George is torn between his duty to the 

Taalienst  GCaemorpgaei ginn a Broken Church and the memory of when, as a child, he formed a 
sincere bond with The Ancient Enemy.

By his very recursive nature, Saint George is a great addition 
to a Broken Tales Campaign. In the list of clues on page 246 
there are also indications to link him to the story of the Child 

221



OZena  
the Suffering and Desperate

A Scenario inspired by 
the Wonderful Wizard of OZ (Lyman Frank Baum)

Part One – The Yellow Village
Safety Keywords: Disfiguring Illness / Mental Illness / Deformity / Plagiarism

222



OZena the Suffering and Desperate is a special Scenario 
divided into three parts, which when played consecutively The story that led us here…
completes the story of the unfortunate Dorothea. All 
Scenarios are built as a Scene Tree (see page 89) and 
are great for introductory Sessions or a mini-Campaign. D
A Sto o

r r
y o

t t
e h
l e
le a

r  
 i
w s 

h a
o  

 y
p o

r u
ef n

e g
r  
s A

a m
n e

e r
m ic

e a
r n
g  

in g
g ir

 l
s  
t f
o r

r o
y m

te  
ll t

i h
n e

g  
 style 1900s 

w w
i h
ll o

 s  s
ti u

ll ff
 fi e

n rs
d  f

 r
E o

v m
en  a

ts  v
 a e

n ry
d  

 a
in cu

fo te
rm  fo

a r
t m
io  

n of
 u  o

s z
e e
f n
u a

l .
f  
o U

r n
 m de

a r
n  

aging the ca
a re
 f  

r o
e f
e  t
r h
 p e

l  
a c
y h

s a
t r
y l

l a
e t
 a
fo n

r  “
 t D

h r
e .”
 H  N

u o
n r

t m
er a

s n
.  Henkle, she took 

part in a strange magical rite, and both were catapulted 
into the Black Forest of 1780. Here, under the guidance 
of Henkle, Dorothea took the name of OZena (a name 

tOimncee… upon a that has not yet been made official for her disease). She’s 
hunting witches to procure ingredients and potions for 
her master, with the doctor promising to find a cure for 
the disease. Dorothea brought the Doctor other lost, 
ill people found along the way: Lowe, 

F a 
r s
e co
ib un

u d
r r
g e
, l 
 w
W ith

e  
st of the great Black Forest, Leontiasis; Dose, a thug suffering from leprosy who 

Germany. The regent of the city, Nils Schulz, covers his skin with metal; and Hirnloser, a mental 
has invited the Order to investigate the patient who believes he has no brain. 
activities of Margareta Westen, a renowned 
“witch” who is said to car A

r ft
y e

 r 
o el

u im
t in

s a
t t
r i
a ng

n  t
g h

e e
  witch Johanne in Schiltach (east of 

the Black Forest) from which she got 
e h
x er

p  m
er a

i g
m ic 

e s
n ho

t e
s s
 , 

in a small village nearby. Dorothea arrived in Gelb with her companions. Here, 
Although there is no apparent evidence of pursuing the promise of her cure, she sent Lowe and 
any heresy, the village of Gelb is shunned Hirnloser to the village as spies to observe Margareta’s 
by all. Its inhabitants are deemed “strange” activities. The old witch is actually both learned and 
and it has, over the years b

, e
 n
w ev

e o
l l
c e
o nt

m . S
e h
d e 

 u
a se

l s
l  
 her magical knowledge to provide a 

home and support to many sick or defo
m rm

a ed
n  p

n e
e o
r p
 le
o  w

f h
f o
r  
eaks and sick people looking would otherwise have no place to live. 

for a safe place to live. Thus, the Hunters 
must go to Gelb and find out if Margareta Note: Nasal ozena (also known as chronic atrophic 
is really the terrible witch that Nils fears. rhinitis) is a particular form of chronic rhinitis, 

characterized specifically by a marked and widespread 
atrophy of the nasal mucosa, so that the structure of 
the nose wastes away. The disease disfigures the face 
in a permanent way, affecting the appearance of those 
affected with devastating effects.

223



The story at the arrival of the Hunters FIRST SCENE – Approaching 
Margareta Westen is a capable and experienced witch, the village of Gelb 1
who served at many noble courts as a fortune teller and 
counselor from a young age. Affected by a very serious form Read aloud to the Hunters: Before your eyes you see 
of deforming osteitis, which has ruined her legs and arms, the great Black Forest in all its splendor, a refuge for animals 
Margareta has experienced the unreasoning prejudice of and supernatural beings from the slow expansion of civilized 
society herself. She was marginalized and abandoned by life. A wide beaten path leads through the trees. Near a sign 
everyone. The witch has thus decided to found a small with directions to the village of Gelb, you see two motionless 
community, where all those like her would be welcome. In figures, as if they’re awaiting your arrival. One is a man, old 
Gelb, Margareta cares for those unfortunate enough not to and hunched over by who-knows-what disease, while the 
have a place in society, and most of the villagers would give other is a child with a disfigured face. The two hold hands 
their lives for her. like father and son. The man nods to you and you understand 

that he is a villager sent to guide you.
Margareta is part of a coven of witches called the Compass 
Rose. Johanne, the witch of Schiltach (east of the Black Place: The road that winds its way from the west into the 
Forest), was also part of the same coven. The death of her great Black Forest.
companion has put Margareta on alert, aware that it must Time: It is early in the morning. A cart has brought the 
have been someone who knew the secrets of the coven Hunters from Freiburg to the edge of the forest and the 
who killed Johanne. Dorothea has long since crept into driver is now anxious to leave.
Gelb, hiding at the edge of the small village. Hirnloser has 
instead openly joined the community, though everyone is Initial Situation: Henrich and Klaus approach the 
wary of his mental illness. Lowe serves as eyes and arms for Hunters and introduce themselves as emissaries on 
Dorothea around town, while Dose, hidden in the swamp Margareta’s behalf. The witch was formally notified by 
to the east, awaits a signal from Dorothea to spring into Nils that he was sending some of his agents to check on 
action. Gelb’s activities, but the regent took great care not to reveal 

the true nature of the Hunters. Henrich offers to lead the 
Hunters along the road to the village.

Information: Walking towards Gelb with Henrich and 
Klaus you can get the following clues and information.

◆	 The village of Gelb is a safe place for anyone with a 
disease or a deformity that makes them an outcast in 
usual society. Margareta welcomes anyone without 
asking questions about their past and with the aid of her 
potions, she soothes the suffering of all the inhabitants. 
Although Henrich is a poorly educated farmer, he will 

224



do nothing but praise Margareta’s goodness throughout 
the journey with sincere conviction. Klaus, the Ozena-

◆	 Little Klaus is affected by Ozena and his nose is nothing 
more than a clump of rotten meat. Despite the disease, Afflicted Son
he has the lively and curious eyes of a child, and he will OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC  
ask the Hunters a thousand questions. (1 Wound)

◆	 The road the group is traveling on was created to 
facilitate commercial trips to Gelb. However, Henrich Descriptor: I am a curious child. I 
will regretfully inform the Hunters that once merchants love foreigners because they always have 
arrive in the village, they are so frightened by the interesting stories to tell. I know I have a 
sight of the inhabitants, they hurriedly leave without dreadful disease, but I have learned to live 
conducting any business. with it.

◆	 Halfway to the village, the Hunters will realize that 
someone is following them. It’s Lowe, who hides among 
the foliage and tries to figure out who the newcomers Lowe the Coward 
are. Henchman

End of Scene: The Hunters arrive at the village of Gelb. OL Medium 5 – Main NPC  
Go to SECOND SCENE - The Village of Gelb. (2 Wounds)

Henrich the Father Descriptor: I’m an eternal coward 
who has been given a monstrous aspect 
by fate. I can adapt to any situation 

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) and am quick to jump to the winning 

Descriptor: side.
 I am one of the many people Margareta 

saved from the miserable life of an outcast. My son Klaus is Agenda: To help Dorothea in her 
everything to me, which is why I don’t want the village of mission, with the hope of recovering 
Gelb to be suspected of witchcraft. from my condition / Save my life, no 

matter who I have to betray.

225



2 SECOND SCENE – The Village ◆	 Margareta will speak to the Hunters, saying she fears for 
her life. A week ago, she received news of the murder 

of Gelb of the witch Johanne who lived in Schiltach, in the 

Read aloud to the Hunters: eastern part of the Black Forest. Margareta is convinced 
 When you arrive at the that someone is trying to eliminate all 4 witches of the 

entrance to the village, the spectacle that appears before you Black Forest, each of which holds part of a powerful 
is incredible. People with all kinds of diseases and deformities artifact. She believes someone is gathering the pieces to 
walk in the streets, occupied performing a variety of tasks. In reassemble the artifact, no matter the cost.
reality, what you see is nothing more than an ordinary village ◆	 The conversation will be interrupted by Lowe who 
in Bavaria, inhabited solely by people who, in any other place, screams desperately: Hirnloser has kidnapped Klaus 
would be considered monsters. and is taking him to the great swamp near the village! 

Margareta will ask the Hunters to save the child. In 
Place: The small village of Gelb. exchange, she will reveal to the Hunters what she knows 

Time: of the artifact. In the woman’s eyes, the Hunters will see 
 It is morning, and all the inhabitants are busy with only a sincere concern for the fate of little Klaus.

their work activities.

Information: Henrich will tell the Hunters that Margareta Margareta the Good Witch
will soon arrive in the town square to dispense her medicines. 
While waiting for the witch, several things will happen. OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (1 Wound)

◆	 Hirnloser will appear, dancing and chanting of distant Descriptor: I am a capable witch who has devoted her life to 
worlds that overlap each other. Adults look at him with caring for the unfortunate. My body is wracked with disease, 
pity, children walk around him amused. If the Hunters but that doesn’t make me any less fearsome.
get close, he will try to interact with them. If the Hunters 
ignore him, he will be the one to approach. Whatever Agenda: Keep Gelb and everyone who lives there safe.
happens, when Margareta arrives in the square, Gift - Witch: Margareta can draw on her witch power 
Hirnloser will leave. to create a Descriptor to represent the effect of her magic. 

◆	 When Margareta arrives all the inhabitants will stop Her abilities are related to manipulating emotions, such as 
working to run to her. The witch dispenses strange vials instilling fear or bestowing calm. The Descriptor thus created 
among happy and grateful faces. After the distribution remains for the entire duration of a Scene. Alternatively, 
of the medicines, Henrich will lead the Hunters to Margareta can move objects with the power of thought. These 
Margareta. abilities can be used to hit someone from a distance, knock 

◆	 In the crowd you can spot Lowe, who gazes at the potions objects out of someone’s hand, and generally manipulate the 
with dreamy eyes. environment.

◆	 Dorothea is in the crowd too, her face covered with 
a heavy green hood, the smell of her illness clearly 
distinguishable. The girl will disappear using her shoes 
at the slightest hint of a problem.

226



Hirnloser the Scarecrow Place: A clearing in the swamp twenty minutes’ walk from 
Gelb.

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds) Time: It is late morning and the sun filters through the 
Descriptor: Everyone thinks I’m crazy and maybe they’re trees.
right. I don’t feel any fear and I can see beneath the surface of Information: Hirnloser and Dose want to engage the 
those who pretend they are normal. Hunters to give Dorothea time to kill Margareta. 
Agenda: I follow OZena because I can see past her pain. ◆	 Hirnloser is insane but he doesn’t really want to kill 
There is another world, the one where she comes from and Klaus. It will soon become clear that he uses the child 
where I want to go too. as a shield and lever to keep the Hunters busy.

◆	 If Lowe is present, he will try to surprise the Hunters 
End of Scene: Margareta asks the Hunters to save little from behind but will flee at the slightest sign of danger.
Klaus, offering to reveal all her secrets in exchange for the 
little one’s safety. If the Hunters set out to save Klaus go 
to SCENE THREE - In the Swamp. If, on the other hand, Dose The Tin Man
they decide to stay in the village or split up, for those who OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)
remain, go to the FOURTH SCENE - OZena’s Attack. Descriptor: Leprosy has destroyed my appearance, but 

3 my body is still that of the Mountain, the name by which 
THIRD SCENE – In the Swamp I performed as a street artist in shows of strength and 

endurance. Under my heavy armor I fear nothing.
Read aloud to the Hunters: You don’t have to go too 
far into the swamp before you hear little Klaus scream. You Agenda: I am in love with OZena, disfigured by the disease 
run to a small clearing where Hirnloser puts a sickle to the just like me. I am aware that she will never return my feelings 
child’s throat. He is near an old, abandoned shed from which and that is why the only thing I can do is serve her, even to 
suddenly emerges a huge figure covered in grotesque armor my death.
made of debris. Hirnloser stares at you, his eyes pools of pure Gift - The Tin Man: Dose is completely covered in thick 
madness. “And while we dance here in our little puppet show, armor made of metal and other salvaged materials, such as 
the real performance unfolds in the village,” the madman a large stove and the hull of a boat. The only unarmored spot 
cries and smiles maliciously, as you realize that you have is a small door in the stove that was once used to remove 
been lured into a trap. embers, which is located above his heart. It is not possible 

to hurt Dose unless one first finds a way to penetrate his 
armor or uses an attack that can clearly overcome his 
defenses.

227



Gift - Giant: Dose stands nearly seven feet tall and Time: It is late morning and the village of Gelb has resumed 
possesses extraordinary strength. The disease consumed its activity. Many inhabitants remain waiting tensely in the 
his nerves making him immune to pain. Once per Scene he Town Square to discover the fate of little Klaus.
can inflict 1 additional Wound with one hit of his mighty 
ax. Information:

◆	 During the fight, Dorothea’s hood will slide back and 

End of Scene: reveal her face. She is a young blonde girl, eyes of an 
 After the fight, Klaus will tell the Hunters intense blue and a suppurating chasm in place of her 

that the real leader of the scoundrels is a girl with a green nose. 
cape they called OZena. She told her accomplices to buy ◆	 When Dorothea escapes and disappears, it will be clear 
her time, while she would take care of the witch. Klaus did to the Hunters that her slippers are magical.
not see the girl’s face, but by the smell he recognized his ◆	 After the battle, if still alive, Margareta will reveal 
own illness. Go to FOURTH SCENE - OZena’s Attack. details on the Compass Rose. If she was killed by 

Dorothea, the Hunters will be able to obtain some of 
FOURTH SCENE – OZena’s 4 the information by examining the witch’s house.

Attack
This Scene concludes the first part of the Scenario OZena (Dorothea)
and will change based on whether the Hunters OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

choose to leave someone in the village while they 
go to rescue little Klaus. Dorothea will attempt Descriptor: I am a young girl who wants to return to 

to kill Margareta in her house. If no Hunter her world. The disease that afflicts me has ruined my face 
is present, the witch will succumb to and with it all the hopes of a normal life. I am willing to do 

the blows of the young assassin. If anything to heal, which is why I became a witch killer.
any or all the Hunters are present, Agenda: Kill every witch Henkle points out to me and 

Dorothea will flee as soon as it retrieve all four pieces of the Compass Rose.
becomes clear that she is at a 

distinct disadvantage. Gift - The Silver Slippers: The wearer of this magical 
artifact can move through folds in space, disappearing and 

Place: Margareta’s house. reappearing in a flash. Dorothea can move freely up to a 
A large circular house built maximum distance of thirty feet without anyone preventing 
around a centuries-old oak. her, but she must be able to see the point of arrival. Once 

per Scene, Dorothea can take a longer journey and reappear 
in any place she has seen at least once.

228



Epilogue Scenario Events
The Hunters will discover that OZena’s goal is the Compass In this Scenario, there are five Events. As a Storyteller, feel 
Rose, a powerful artifact capable of summoning storms that free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 
are said to be able to throw people and objects into other Hunters.
worlds. The four Black Forest witches - Johanne (East), When the Hunters are in conversa

M tio
a n

rg  
a w

r i
e t

t h
a  

Margareta (West), Helga (South) and Karina (North) - split 
the artifact : 

in H
to i

 r
f n
o l

u o
r s
 e
p r

a  
r w
ts i

 l
s l 
o t

t a
h k

a e
t  
 n th

o e
 o  

n o
e p
 p
co o

u rt
l u
d n

 a it
b y

u  
s t
e o
 i  

ts kid
p n

o a
w p

e  K
r. l

K au
ar s

i  a
n n

a d
 p  t

o a
s k
s e
e  
s h
s i
e m
d  

t t
h o

e  t
 fi he

rs  n
t e

p a
ie rb

ce y
  
o sw

f t a
h m

e p
R ,

o  c
s r
e e
. a
 J t

o in
h g

a  
n a

n  
e div

h e
a r
d s

 io
th n

e  t
 o
s  
e g
c e
o t 

n th
d e

,  H
as u

 n
w t

e e
l r
l s
  
a a
s w
 a
b y

e  
i f
n ro

g m
fa  t

m he
o  

u v
s il
 l
f a
o g

r e
 .
her magic 

slippers. For this reason, it is quite clear that OZena has If the Hunters head to the swamps to save Klaus: 
already attacked and killed the first two witches. The next Lowe will offer to “guide them” to try to waste more time 
target will then be Helga, who lives in the village of Rot and give Dorothea more leeway to kill Margareta.
south of the Forest. If someone has wasted time intera
If Margareta is still alive, she will reveal some additional g c

e t
t i
t n
i g
n  

g a
t n
o d

k  
now Hirnloser in the village: when the 

information. Helga is the cruelest and most powerful of the madman has Klaus with him, he will try to use the child 
coven. Her magic is based on blood and, for this reason, as a lever to talk to his new friend again, forgetting about 
the Hunters will have to be careful not to be injured in her the plan.
presence. There is a potion that can break Helga’s blood If Dorothea is cornered: 
c s
u h

r e
s  
e w
, i

b ll
u  fl

t e
M e 

a t
r h
g a

a n
r k
e s
ta  t

 o
d  

o h
e e
s r
n  

’t know its ingredients, apart silver slippers. Dorothea can
fr n

o o
m t 

 k a
n ff

o o
w rd

i  
ng to

 i  
t c ri

o s
n k

t  
a b
in e

s i
 n
B g

u  
rdock. captured. This event occurs as soon as the situation turns 

Note to the Storyteller: in favor of the Hunters.
 OZena’s story continues with 

the Second Part, The Red Village. Keep track of who among If Dorothea manages to kill Margareta: she 
Hirnloser, Dose and Lowe survived the Scenario. They will will recover the piece of the Compass Rose and then 
return in the third part, The Emerald Village. immediately escape thanks to her magical shoes.

229



Hunters received a special invitation...

Part Two – The Principality of Transylvania, fortified church of 
Valea Viilor. Since the young OZena can move 
in space and time simply by clicking her magic 

Red Village shoes, the Hunters need an asset that allows them 
to anticipate the movements of the enemy. And 
the Order’s Treasury will surely have something 

Safety Keywords: Rituals / Nudity / Blood / Body suitable...
horror

For this Scenario the Hunters will receive the support of 
the Order in the form of one of the many treasures kept in 

O Valea Viilor.

The Mirror of a Thousand Wishes 
timncee… upon a (Inspired by Snow White)

Gift - Mirror Mirror on the Wall: Those who use the 
Mirror of a Thousand Wishes can ask to see the near past 

Rot, South of the great Black Forest, Germany. or the imminent future of a subject they have met at least 
After investigating Margareta Westen’s activities once. After spending 1 Soma, the Mirror will show a few 
and discovering the secret of Gelb’s village, the moments of the target by displaying them on its surface. 

Hunters are now aware of the threat from OZena, The observer will not know if what they see is the past or the 

a young witch killer who is trying to rebuild a future. The Storyteller secretly rolls a die: with 1-3 they will 

powerful magical artifact called the Compass Rose. see the past, with 4-6 the future. The same subject cannot 

As described by Margareta herself, whoever owns be observed more than once during a Scene. Alternatively, 
before attempting a specific task, the owner of the mirror 

the Rose can invoke a storm so powerful, it can 
throw those who are swept up into other worlds and can look into it and spend 1 Soma. Roll a die. If it’s a 4+ they 

will see a few moments of their imminent future. Thanks to 
dimensions. OZena’s next target is Helga, a powerful 

this premonition they will receive 3 Additional Successes 
witch who lives south of the great forest. Helga 

for the first action attempting to perform the task. 
founded the cult of the Crimson Kiss, surrounded 
by faithful and devoted servants. The village of Rot, Note to the Storyteller: The Order’s Treasure is an extra 

Gift that can be taken by one of the Hunters. The Broken 
where Helga has made her home, is shunned even 
by state officials, who fear they won’t be able to Ones expansion book features complete rules for managing 

the Order’s Treasures and a long list of Treasures to choose 
leave that cursed place. But before going to Rot, the 

from.

230



The story that led us here… FIRST SCENE – Towards the 
After the events in Gelb, Dorothea moved to Rot as the Village of Rot 1
first step in eliminating Helga. The Red Witch, however, 
took the young woman by surprise. Thanks to the witches’ Read aloud to the Hunters: You have finally arrived in 
faithful servants, Helga captured the girl, holding her in the deep south of the Black Forest. Along the way, there are 
her fortified villa. On the first night of the full moon, Helga numerous signs warning that the village of Rot is a cursed 
intends to sacrifice Dorothea by performing a blasphemous place. Dolls of wood and rag, crosses and mounds of salt, all 
rite which consists of drinking the victim’s blood to bear witness to the pointless, superstitious spells of protection 
assimilate her memories. By doing so, Helga would learn attempted by the inhabitants of the area. As you follow the 
of Henkle’s hiding place, where the other pieces of the small path to the village, the forest thickens more and more, 
Compass Rose are already located. while the branches of the trees lower as if to grab you.
Of course, the Hunters arrive only hours before the sun sets 
and a full moon rises, setting the stage for the ritual. Place: The small path that leads to Rot.

Time: It is late afternoon and the last rays of sunlight are 
The story at the arrival of the Hunters… struggling to pass between the branches of the trees.
Helga is a powerful witch who has never had any qualms Initial Situation: The branches seem to stretch lower and 
about using dark magic. Through blood magic, she kept her lower, until it becomes clear to the Hunters that something 
appearance young (despite her eighty-eight years) and over is wrong. Shortly after, the animated trees will try to catch 
time she built a true cult, whose foolish devotees would the Hunters and imprison them.
do anything for her. Through her blood Helga can control 
plants and people, moving them like puppets. Although the Information: If a Hunter has some understanding of 
village of Rot has acquired a grim reputation, Helga knows magic, they will quickly understand that what animates the 
it is only a matter of time before some obsessed clergyman trees is an arcane power. Observing the branches’ motions 
decides to attack her to eradicate the evil she represents. for a while, it will be possible to see a figure not far away 
The witch aims to obtain the Compass Rose to escape to a bathing the trees in a liquid which apparently animates 
safe place, where she can rebuild her kingdom of fanatical them.
servants.

231



If the mirror is used to understand where he knows to the Hunters. In the greenhouse, other poor 

OZena is: people like him work incessantly under Helga’s magical 
control. In the village, a strange figure called the Porcelain 

◆	 Past - Dorothea sneaks up to a large greenhouse, Princess ensures that no one can harm the witch. During 
where she sees men dressed in white tending to the interrogation, Wolfgang will be seized with sudden 
plants and herbs. The mirror fills with the form of a spasms and drown in his own blood. If Wolfgang has been 
nightmare creature that resembles a spider made up eliminated, the Hunters will simply have to choose which 
of people’s bodies, which scares Dorothea away from way to go.
the greenhouse. In the ensuing chaos Dorothea grabs a If they go to the greenhouse, go to the SECOND SCENE - 
sprig from a plant (Elderberry, which a Hunter with a The Greenhouse.
relevant Descriptor will recognize).

◆	 Future If they go to the Village go to the THIRD SCENE - The 
- Dorothea introduces herself to a beautiful Doll’s Court.

young woman, dressed in an elegant red dress. The 
young assassin agrees to take a sip of the wine that is SECOND SCENE – The 
offered to her. Then, a trickle of blood runs down her 
lips and she falls to her knees. The woman in red smiles 2 Greenhouse
mockingly as a long knife falls from Dorothea’s hand. Read aloud to the Hunters: Following the path you reach 

Threat - The Animated Forest an old manor house which has been remade as a greenhouse. 
Many men and women dressed in white, with tired and long-
suffering expressions, work on small gardens. Strong smells of 

OL Medium 5 herbs and medicinal infusions fill the air.
Descriptor: We grab and capture all intruders through the Place: The greenhouse where the base for the Infusion of 
magic that animates our branches and roots. Purity is produced.

Wolfgang the “druid” Time: The sun is setting. 

Information:
OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) ◆	 Pharmacists are working on a strange potion. Those 

Descriptor: I am a skilled and renowned pharmacist, and who are experts in herbs will recognize the plants as 
there is no herb or remedy that I am not familiar with. Burdock, Nettle and Hyssop. 

Agenda: ◆	 If the Hunters approach the greenhouse, Manycorpses 
 I am enslaved by Helga’s power. My body moves at will drop from the ceiling to stop the intruders.

her will and therefore I sprinkle drops of her blood to animate ◆	 The Infusion of Purity cannot be completed, as the 
the forest to capture potential intruders. Elderberry, which Dorothea took in her fight with 

Manycorpses, is missing.
End of Scene: If captured, Wolfgang will reveal what 

232



If the mirror is used: nobles after poisoning them with her magical blood. To 
complete the Infusion, however, Elderberry is required, 

◆	 Past - Dorothea sneaks up to a large greenhouse, though the ingredient does not grow in this area. A strange 
where she sees men dressed in white tending to girl in a green cape has stolen the small stash Helga had 
plants and herbs. The mirror fills with the form of a brought back from her last trip.
nightmare creature that resembles a spider made up Go to the THIRD SCENE - The Dolls’ Court.
of people’s bodies, which scares Dorothea away from 
the greenhouse. In the ensuing chaos, Dorothea grabs THIRD SCENE – The Dolls’ 3
a sprig from a plant (Elderberry, which a Hunter with a 
relevant Descriptor will recognize).

◆	 Future Court
 - Dorothea is kneeling with her arms behind 

her back. Her body is stiff, as if paralyzed, as she is Read aloud to the Hunters: You come to a bleak, 
forced to look at herself in a mirror. She weeps for what dilapidated village made up of small, ruined houses and 
she sees reflected: her face disfigured by a disease that brightly colored tents. Men and women in an evident state of 
has completely devoured her nose. distress lie sprawled along the streets. From their tired eyes, 

you understand that they are exhausted by the incessant work 

Manycorpses Helga magically forces them to do. Suddenly, figures wearing 
grotesque doll masks appear and head in your direction, 

OL Hard 7 – Minor NPC (4 Wounds) drawing their weapons.

Descriptor: Place: The dilapidated village of Rot.
 I am an abomination created by Helga’s 

experiments, in which she has united all her lovers into one. Time: The sun is setting, but time seems to have stopped 
I hate anyone who still has a normal body and I use my in the small village.
incredible power to destroy them.

Agenda: Information:
 Kill and dismember any human that comes within ◆	 The Porcelain Dolls are the only individuals worth 

range. talking to. They will initially have their guard up, but if 
Gift - Aberration: Manycorpses can act twice during an the Hunters are convincing, they will be brought to the 
Exchange. Thanks to its multiple arms it can move on any Porcelain Princess.
surface. ◆	 The village is just an old, dilapidated logging settlement. 

Not far away, it is possible to see a noble’s mansion 

End of Scene: where Helga now resides.
 After being freed, the greenhouse workers ◆	 No one can come before Helga without the approval of 

reveal that Helga is able to control people’s bodies with her the Porcelain Princess, her favorite.
blood magic. Something called the Infusion of Purity, a 
potion, can lift the curse. Helga is producing the Infusion 
because she plans to sell the antidote to rich and powerful 

233



If the mirror is used: Gift - Armed Guard: Each Doll is armed differently. 
◆	 Past - Dorothea introduces herself to a beautiful Roll 1 die: 1. Spear, the Doll can make exceptional jumps 

young woman, dressed in an elegant red dress. The and can always keep an enemy at a distance;
k  2

n .
i  
f D
e ouble 

young assassin agrees to take a sip of the wine that is , 2 attacks per Exchange; 3. Great Blade, once per 
offered to her. Then, a trickle of blood runs down her Scene inflicts 1 additional Wound; 4. Whip, 9 feet range, 
lips and she falls to her knees. The woman in red smiles wh
m oe

o v
c e
k r

i  
n f

g ai
l l
y s

  
a t
s h
 a e

  
lo D

n e
g fe

 k n
n s

i e
f  
e C
 fa h

l e
ls c

 k
fr  

o b
m ec

 o
D m

or e
o s 

th e
B n

ea t
l a

’s o n
 h o g

a d le
n d

d ;
.  
. 5. 

◆	 Future , the
  
- b
 l
D ad

o e
r  
o o

t f
h  t

e h
a e
 i  w

s k ea
n p

e o
e n
lin  is

g  
 s
w o

i a
t k
h e

 h d 
e i
r n
  
a H
rms behind 

her back. Her body is stiff, as if paralyzed, as she is 6 e
. l
 g
S a

h ’s 
i b
e l

l o
d od; 

, +1 OL to defend themselves or an ally.
forced to look at herself in a mirror. She weeps for what 
she sees reflected: her face disfigured by a disease that End of Scene: By defeating the Porcelain Princess or 
has completely devoured her nose. persuading her away from Helga’s service, the Hunters will 

obtain the key to enter Helga’s palace. When questioned, 

The Porcelain Princess the Princess will reveal that her lady intends to perform 
an arcane rite during the night that involves sacrificing 

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds) Dorothea. Go to SCENE FOUR - The Red Witch of the 

Descriptor: South.
 I am a young noble who has fallen from grace. 

My disfigured face is covered in a beautiful doll mask, and I 
sadistically manage the cult of the Crimson Kiss on behalf of 
my lady Helga.

Agenda: Carry out every order of Helga in the hope that she 
will heal my face / I would do anything to get my face back.
Gift - Vials: The Princess always has five or six vials of 
Helga’s blood with her for newcomers to drink. She also has 
1 vial of the Infusion of Purity.

Porcelain Dolls
OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound)

Descriptor: We are the devoted guards of the Porcelain 
Princess. Everyone fears us for our martial ability. 
Agenda: Fulfill every wish of the Porcelain Princess.

234



4 FOURTH SCENE – The Red sees reflected: her face disfigured by a disease that has 

Witch of the South completely devoured her nose.
◆	 Future - Dorothea is naked and tied up on a large 

Read aloud to the Hunters: Helga’s palace stands out wooden table. A woman with beautiful red hair, also 
from the whole village because it is the only well-maintained naked, utters strange arcane formulas, while she 
building. A heavy reinforced door and bars on the windows prepares to gut the young assassin with a long knife.
make you immediately understand that it will not be easy 
to enter. The soft sobbing of a girl catches your attention. It 
comes from the second floor, where there is a large balcony.

Place: The old mansion where Helga lives.

Time: It is now night and only the light of lanterns borne Helga the Red Witch
by the Hammerheads illuminate the mansion.

Information: OL Hard 7 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

◆	 Entering the main door means encountering Descriptor: I am a powerful witch and I use blood to 
Hammerheads equal to the number of Hunters +2. perform my spells. Drinking one drop of my blood is enough 

◆	 Entering through the window will take the Hunters to become my slave.
to the room where OZena is held. If the Hunters have Agenda: Accumulating power and collecting the four pieces 
an Infusion of Purity, they can free her from Helga’s of the Compass Rose thanks to the information obtained 
control. From Dorothea’s green cape, thrown carelessly from OZena’s sacrifice / I am always willing to make an 
in a corner of the room, it is possible to retrieve the advantageous deal, even if this leads me to revise my plans. I 
Elderberry to complete a possible Infusion. Spending would do anything to live forever.
time finishing the Infusion will cause a number of 
Hammerheads equal to the number of Hunters +2 to Gift - Blood Magic: Helga can unleash her powers to 
arrive in the room. affect the blood of one or more subjects, inflicting 1 Wound 

◆	 While the Hunters are busy in the mansion, Helga is or commanding their movements. Whoever has swallowed 
taking a blood bath in a tub to prepare for the ritual. As Helga’s blood is totally subject to her will. It is possible to 
soon as Dorothea is freed, Helga will understand that resist the effects of Blood Magic with a Defense Check, 
there are intruders and will get ready to welcome them but this does not eliminate Helga’s magic. Drinking the 
with an escort of 8 Hammerheads. Infusion of Purity renders anyone immune to Blood Magic 

for the course of a Scene and cancels the crowd control. 
If the mirror is used Those under the influence of the Blood Magic have a slight 

crimson tinge to their eyes.
◆	 Past - Dorothea is kneeling with her arms behind her 

back. Her body is stiff, as if paralyzed, as she is forced Gift - Blood Witch: Helga is made young and immortal 
to look at herself in a mirror. She weeps for what she by blood magic. At the end of each of her actions and if hurt, 

235



Helga recovers 1 Wound. The flesh regenerates as the blood world. Henkle settled in the center of the Black Forest, 
returns to her body. When she is eliminated by suffering in a village called Smaragd. Henkle’s goal is to gather all 
her last Wound, the magic dissipates and the witch’s body the pieces of the Compass Rose to summon the magical 
returns to being a shriveled old woman. tornado. Dorothea realizes that Henkle is insane and reveals 

to the Hunters that even though she has been stopped, the 

The Hammerheads man will still try to activate the half-reassembled artifact, 
certainly with devastating results. Only Dorothea knows 

OL Medium 5 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) the location of the village and she is willing to accompany 

Descriptor: the Hunters, expressing sincere repentance.
 We were once a ferocious team of skilled 

mercenaries, but now we are in Helga’s service. We were 
tamed by her magic and therefore we do anything and Scenario Events
everything for her. In this Scenario, there are three Events. As a Storyteller, feel 

Gift - Hammerhead Helmet: free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 
 The heavy and distinctive Hunters.

Hammerhead helmet opens like a flower on the shoulders 
and grants total head and chest protection, making the If the Hunters get the better of Wolfgang: Helga will 
NPC immune to any Wound that can’t get past a thick layer let him speak for a while so she can observe the Hunters 
of metal. An enemy can aim at the lower parts of the NPC closely and then kill the man by drowning him in his own 
to ignore the helmet. However, they receive 1 Penalty for blood.
their Check. When the Hunters start to get the better of a conflict 
OZena (Dorothea) with Helga’s minions: the witch will detonate one of her 

minions in each Exchange to cover 
the Hunters in her blood. You can 

Dorothea’s profile is presented on page try to control them later.
228, only her Agenda changes. If Dorothea is saved by the 
Agenda: Free myself from the prison Hunters: she will stay by their 
where Helga locked me up. side as an ally to take revenge on 

Helga. She will try to kill her even 
End of Scene: Helga’s threat is if the Hunters intend to negotiate.
ended, either through combat or by 
convincing her to let Dorothea go free. 
The girl surrenders to the Hunters, 
revealing that everything she did was 
ordered by Norman Henkle, a doctor 
who, like her, comes from another 

236



Part Three – The The story that led us here…
Norman Henkle has been settled in a sm

E all 

m and r

e emo

r te 

ald Village village for a month, where he halted an epidemic thanks 
to the Penicillin in his doctor’s bag, brought back from the 
year 1900. 

Safety Keywords: Body horror Raised to the status of holy man, Norman began to believe 
himself a magician, giving free rein to his madness. In the 
center of Smaragd there is a small well whose true nature the 
inhabitants have always ignored. It is in fact a wishing well, 
which after centuries of inactivity, has awakened thanks to 
the desire of Henkle himself to become a magician. 

Now possessing new powers, Henkle is truly capab

tO le 

i of 

mncee… upon a making people’s wishes come true. However, his madness 
twists every wish and the results are always tainted. 
Determined to return to his time and become famous, 
Henkle lured young Dorothea into his service, promising 

Smaragd, in the center o t
f o
  
t f
h u

e lfi
 g ll

r  h
e e
a r

t  
 o
B n

l e
a  d

c e
k s

 i
F re

o , 
r t
e o
s  h
t. e

 al the disease that disfigures 
The Hunters h

a e
r r
e  f
 a
o c

n e.
  
the trail of Norman Henkle, 

a doctor and charlatan who apparently is the Aware that 
m he

a  c
s a
t n
e ’t
r  
m rea

i l
n ly

d  d
 b o 

e it
h  w

in it
d ho

 t u
h t 

e r
 is
y k

o in
u g

n  s
g o

 m
w e

i  
t w
c o
h r

 s
k e

i  
ller who effect, Henkle is waiting 

g fo
o r

e  
s O
 b Z

y en
 t a

h ’s
e  r
 e
n tu

a r
m n 

e to
 o  r

f e
 t
O ri

Z ev
e e
n  t

a he
.  

The girl, whose real last two pieces of the Compass Rose so h
n e

a  c
m an

e  le
 a

i v
s e
  S

D m
o a

r r
o ag

t d
h ,

e  
a, claims Henkle is actually escaping in his hot-air balloon. In the meantime, 

a H
 en

p k
o le

w  
erful wizard who fulfills wishes. His has “experimented” with his power on the inhabitants of 

ultimate goal is to activate the Compass Rose Smaragd, creating monsters and aberrations that now hope 
to summon a storm and return to his o to

w  e
n ar

 n
ti  

m a n
e e
. w
  wish to return to normal, unaware that they 

Given the young woman’s f a
a r

i e
l  
u lo

r c
e k
 e
t d
o  

 in
re  a

t n
r  
i e
e n
v d

e le
 t s

h s c
e y
 cle of warped wishes.

last two pieces, Dorothea fears that Henkle will 
activate the artifact anyway. Dorothea, however, 
remembers the first witch she killed saying that 
using the Compass Rose without all the pieces 
would be disastrous, opening a passage to 
another world, but at a very high price...

237



The story at the arrival of the Hunters… sixty feet deep and thirty wide surrounds a small village that 
you can glimpse through the foliage. The fact that there is 

Henkle fortified Smaragd against any possible intruder, no bridge suggests that it was created for the sole purpose of 
garrisoned by the villagers now corrupted by their wishes, keeping intruders away.
as well as the former companions of Dorothea who 
survived the first encounter with the Hunters. While the Place: A huge circular pit that Henkle created in order to 
hot-air balloon is almost done, Henkle awaits Dorothea’s secure Smaragd
arrival to complete the Compass Rose and escape. Time: It is early morning. The sun is high in the cloudless 

Note to the Storyteller: sky.
 This part of the Scenario differs 

from the first two parts, as many enemies and encounters Initial Situation: It will be clear to the Hunters that 
will depend on what the Hunters have done previously. For the moat must be crossed somehow. Dorothea can use 
this reason, you’ll find only three Scenes leading up to the her silver slippers if she still has them, but she won’t do so 
Hunters meeting Henkle. It is possible to drop one or more without the consent of the Hunters. The girl is convinced 
of the NPCs presented in each Scene to provide a challenge that the Order can help her and will not betray the trust of 
for the Hunters. At the end of each Scene, or during a Scene the Hunters, unless she sees a possibility of returning to the 
itself, if the Hunters face NPCs in a conflict, place 1 Time future (see Events).
Token on Henkle’s Hot-Air Balloon Gift. Until the hot-air 
balloon is revealed, the Hunters will only know the name Information:  Henkle’s plan is to hit the Hunters as 
of the Tokens that are accumulated by the Storyteller, but they cross the pit, so he has deployed some underlings to 
not their purpose. ambush them. Choose one of the following:

1 ◆	 Hirnloser will have discovered a good position from 
FIRST SCENE – Approaching which to target the Hunters at a distance with the help 
the Village of Smaragd of 6 Villagers. 

◆	 Lowe will go to meet the Hunters to challenge them 
Read aloud to the Hunters: Finally, you reach the center in the open field, bringing with him 3 Villagers and 3 
of the great Black Forest. A small path, now 
almost completely lost among    weeds, is the 
only point of reference to find your way. 
Dorothea precedes you by a few steps, 
visibly nervous. Suddenly you see the 
girl stop and she wavers for a moment, 
suddenly finding herself on the edge 
of a huge ravine. “This wasn’t here 
the last time I was here,” exclaims 
the amazed girl. A moat over 

238



Canine Tigers. ambush. Choose one of the following:
◆	 Dose will very simply attack the Hunters as soon as ◆	 Hirnloser will plan an ambush with the help of 4 

they cross the Pit. Villagers. He and his men can move freely without 
◆	 4 Villagers with 4 Canine Tigers being affected by the Illusory Labyrinth Threat. 

◆	 Lowe will go to meet the Hunters to challenge them 

Threat - The Pit in the open field, bringing with him 3 Villagers and 3 
Canine Tigers. 

OL Medium 5 ◆	 Dose will very simply attack the Hunters as soon as 

Descriptor: they enter the village.
 A large, deep pit with strangely smooth walls. ◆	 4 Villagers with 4 Canine Tigers

End of Scene: The Hunters cross the pit to enter the 
village of Smaragd. Go to SECOND SCENE - The Emerald Threat - Illusory Labyrinth
Village. OL Hard 7

2 SECOND SCENE – The Descriptor: A maze of trees and houses that change every 

Emerald Village minute, making it impossible to find your way around.

Read aloud to the Hunters: Once you cross the Pit you End of Scene: The Hunters arrive at the center of the 
find yourself in a small village of houses, built amongst the village. Go to the THIRD SCENE - The Magician’s Fake 
trees. It only takes a few steps to understand that something Castle.
is wrong. You feel disoriented and it is difficult for you to keep 
track of which direction you are moving. The small village THIRD SCENE – The 
now looks like a labyrinth, huge and intricate. Magician’s Fake Castle
Place: 3

 The small village of Smaragd which, by a wish 
made by Henkle, appears as an infinite labyrinth. Read aloud to the Hunters: Finally in the center of the 

Time: village, you find yourself in front of a huge oak that has been 
 It is impossible to mark the passage of time molded into the shape of a grotesque castle. Inside the tree, 

as day and night alternate every minute. you can see a hot-air balloon made of patched fabric that is 

Information: slowly inflating. You have never seen anything like it, but you 
  Henkle’s plan is understand it will not be good.

to waste the Hunters’ time and 
prevent them from getting to Place: Henkle’s workshop house in the center of the 
the center of the village. For village, where the hot-air balloon is set up.
this he has deployed some 

subordinates to set up an Time: The morning sun is high in a cloudless sky.

239



Information: Henkle’s plan is to waste the Hunters 
time while he makes preparations for the hot-air balloon. FOURTH SCENE – The End of 
For this he has deployed some subordinates to set up an OZena’s Sad Story 4
ambush. Choose one of the following:

The final battle with Henkle can go in many different ways. 
◆	 Hirnloser will plan an ambush with the help of 4 If he manages to activate the incomplete Compass Rose, 

Villagers and 4 Canine Tigers. Hirnloser will order his a huge tornado will hit the whole Black Forest, affecting 
underlings to focus on the most injured or physically everyone and taking Henkle away to a place unknown to 
weaker Hunters. the Hunters.

◆	 Lowe will go to meet the Hunters to challenge them 
in the open field, bringing with him 3 Villagers and 3 Whatever happens, the fate of young Dorothea will be in 
Canine Tigers. their hands.

◆	 Dose will very simply attack the Hunters as soon as 
they enter the castle.

◆	 4 Villagers with 4 Canine Tigers Lowe the Brave Fighter
OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

End of Scene: The Hunters arrive at Henkle’s Castle, go to Descriptor: I became a proud warrior and realized my 
FOURTH SCENE - The End of OZena’s Sad Story. heroic potential. I never back down and set an example for 

my teammates.

Agenda: Stop the invaders and protect the village of 
Smaragd, which has elected me as its hero.

Gift - Hero: Lowe fears nothing and is immune to all forms 
of fear and magical control. After he acts, his allies receive 
+1 to their OL, inspired by their hero’s courage and words.

Hirnloser the Genius
OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds)

Descriptor: My mind has become infallible, and I can 
calculate and check any variable in seconds. I have a strategy 
for every situation.

Agenda: Solve any potential problems that plague my 
benefactor Norman Henkle.

240



Gift - Genius: When someone uses a Gift, Hirnloser can The Canine Tigers
prevent it from activating by deploying a countering system 
or strategy. This Gift can be used up to 3 times during a OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (2 Wounds)
Scene, but only 1 time per Exchange. Descriptor: We are the village dogs, turned into monsters 

Dose the Giant in Love by the desire of one of the children. Once the tiger’s ferocity 
takes over, we can no longer be controlled.

OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (3 Wounds) Gift - Fierce as a Tiger: When a Canine Tiger suffers 

Descriptor: a Wound, it goes mad with rage and its Opposition Level 
 My body has become pure metal and only the rises to Hard 7. At the mercy of anger, the Tiger will attack 

power of love can bring me back to flesh and blood. I fight the closest target without distinguishing between allies and 
and destroy anything that can threaten my sweet OZena. enemies.

Agenda: I am in love with OZena and I want her to loyally 
serve Henkle once more. I know that imprisonment in the 
hands of the enemy may have made her reluctant to trust us. Norman  Henkle 
I have to save her, whether she wants it or not.

Gift - Of Steel and Love: Dose is made of pure metal and The Powerful Wizard Who 
cannot suffer any kind of physical Wound. The only way to Makes Wishes Come True
get him to return to flesh and blood for a few moments is 
to make his heart beat with love. Seeing OZena in danger OL Medium 5 – Main NPC (2 Wounds)
or well disposed towards him will change him back for Descriptor: I am a powerful wizard and what I desire 
one Exchange. Seeing OZena, Dose can’t help but declare becomes reality. My skill as a barker always charms everyone 
his love as he fights, making his infatuation for the young to my side.
assassin clear. Agenda: I want to go back to my time alone and become a 

celebrity thanks to the power of magic.

Gift - Hot-Air Balloon: As soon as it is ready, Henkle will 
board and release his hot-air balloon into the air to activate 
the Compass Rose. As indicated by the Scenario, based on 
the actions of the Hunters this Gift will accumulate Time 
Tokens. When the third Time Token is placed, the hot-air 
balloon is ready to go.

241



The Villagers of Emerald Scenario Events
In this Scenario, there are two Events. As a Storyteller, feel 

OL Easy 3 – Minor NPC (1 Wound) free to create new ones in response to the actions of the 

Descriptor: We are poor villagers changed by a wish we Hunters.
made. When Henkle realizes that Dorothea does not have 
Agenda: the missing pieces of the Compass Rose with her: 

 We hate Henkle for what he did to us, but we serve 
he will take off on the balloon as soon as it is ready, and 

him in the hope that we can make another wish.
then activate the power of the incomplete Rose.

Gift - Careful What you Wish For: Each Villager has If Dorothea realizes that Henkle is willing to 
made a wish, but it has not had the desired effects. Roll 1 die 
to see what mutation has developed: 1. Wish for Wealth: abandon her to return to the future: she will do 

anything to reach the man, begging him not to abandon 
The NPC spits out gold coins mixed with bile. With a single 
action, they can hit up to 3 targets at a distance of 15 feet; her.

2. Wish for Beauty: The NPC warps their body so as 
always to look beautiful in the eyes of the beholder. When 
there is more than one subject in view, their body changes 
constantly. Whoever witnesses the show receives 1 Penalty 
on their Checks out of disgust; 3. Wish for Health: The 
NPC’s body regenerates as their hair and body hair grow 
out of proportion. The NPC recovers 1 Wound as soon as it 
loses 1, making them effectively immortal. The effect of the 
Wound suffered is applied, so the NPC can be defeated, but 
will regenerate on its turn to act; 4. Wish for Skill: The 
NPC raises their OL to Medium; 5. The NPC can no longer 
sleep because they are obsessed with the idea of working, 
and will constantly be chattering nonsense; 5. Wish to 
Grow Up: The NPC is a child with a body of a giant while 
their head has remained the same as before. They can take 
2 extra Wounds and inflict 1 additional Wound when they 
unleash their strength; 6. Wish for Love: The NPC has 
merged with the one they love, literally obtaining the desire 
to “become one.” As a double body the NPC can act twice.

242



Playing a Broken Tales 
Campaign
B ◆	 The Storyteller places the Map of Broken Europe at 

the center of the table, then asks the Hunters where 
they want to start their story from. The Storyteller can 

roken Tales is particularly suitable for episodic choose to offer only a few possibilities, based on the 
games, where the group of Hunters can change its Scenarios they prefer to initially bring to the table.
composition from Scenario to Scenario to always ◆	 The first Session opens with a Scenario and with the 
experience different stories. That said, it is entirely possible Hunters intent on solving the investigation. During 
to play a Broken Tales Campaign. In fact, a campaign is the each Scenario, the Storyteller can decide to introduce 
perfect opportunity to explore the story of the One Who one of the Clues that will lead to the One Who Plots 
Plots in the Shadows and uncover the secret behind the in the Shadow (page 246). Once the Scenario is over, 
Broken Tales. the Hunters are free to move to any destination on the 

T Map.

fool loowrg tahnei zfoel loaw Cianmg sptaeipgsn:, it is necessary to ◆	 Moving from one place to another takes a few days 
of travel. The journeys (page 111) are managed by a 

◆	 Create a group of Hunters. You can choose them from series of Encounters in which the Storyteller can detail 
pre-generated options or create them from scratch the world of Broken Europe and introduce the Dark 
with the rules on page 69. Even though a Campaign Presences.
allows a different and more detailed development of a ◆	 Once at the new location, the Hunters will encounter 
Hunter through experience, between one Scenario and the corresponding Scenario and, by facing it, they will 
the next in a campaign a Player can decide to change be able to obtain a potential new Clue about the One 
their Hunter. The newcomer will begin with an amount Who Plots in the Shadows.
of XP to spend equivalent to that accumulated (even ◆	 Once they discover his true intentions and where the 
those already spent) by the Hunter who leaves the story. One Who Plots in the Shadows is hiding, the Hunters 

will be able to meet him for the final confrontation.

243



The whoTle (RtrUueE) story of Finding the One Who Plots in the Shadows and confronting 
him with his errant ways is the only way to put an end to 

the Broken Tales an infinite cycle that will inevitably bring every story to its 
breaking point. But once the truth is revealed, what will the 
Hunters choose? 

The One Who Plots in the Shadows and the Child Savior 
are one and the same, two sides of the same coin who will Returning to the status quo will mean returning to their 
never meet. The Child Savior, pure and innocent, who saved lives as villains, shunned and destined to lose, spinning 
the world of fairytales with his love for stories, as an adult, evil forever. In preserving all that has been created by all 
became The Writer to Whom No One Gave Credit, driven the adventures of Broken Europe, they condemn all other 
desperately insane by all the rejection he had experienced. fairytales to be forever broken.
When the Child Savior made the wish, an echo of his future 
self had already burrowed into his heart. Without knowing Fragments of a shattered mirror, still capable of reflecting 
it, the child had made a wish that destroyed everything an image, but distorted and incomplete.
he loved. As the years went by, the Child Savior grew up, 
and tried to save the fairytales from what he had done. 
But the more he wrote, the darker and more repulsive the 
stories became. Every refusal, every reader who mocked his 
creativity pushed him further towards his future self: The 
One Who Plots in the Shadows.

Broken Europe, the Hunters, and the whole world of the 
Broken Tales are nothing more than a giant shattered 
fairytale, constantly written by the One Who Plots in the 
Shadows, who breaks and reshapes every story that has 
ever been told. Safe in his hiding place, he has started with 
his own favorite fairytales. The Child Savior is now but a 
ghost, a faded memory of a lost innocence that wanders 
through Broken Europe in search of someone who can save 
the One Who Plots in the Shadows from the darkness of 
his own heart.

In all this, the Hunters are just puppets, distorted heroes 
created to bring justice to a world that shouldn’t exist, 
an immense machine that works despite the lack of a 
fundamental gear: the difference between good and evil, so 
dear to the fairytales of yore.

244



The Clues that lead to Borgo Maleanime itself cannot be reached unless you are 
led there by someone who has already visited it at least 

the One Who Plots in the once.
The order and the way in which the Clues are found are 

Shadows deliberately left open, to allow the Storyteller to develop 
stories and events without restraint. However, there are a 
few things to remember to keep the Campaign on track:

The One Who Plots in the Shadows lives in Borgo ◆	 The Clue the Road of Memories represents the way to 
Maleanime, a remote mountain village located in Northern find the mansion of the One Who Plots in the Shadows 
Italy. Safe inside a large mansion, the One Who Plots in the in Borgo Maleanime. It should only emerge when the 
Shadows continues to break new fairytales day after day, Hunters have an idea of who is hiding in the small 
feeding the dark world that he himself has created. Nobody village.
knows who he really is and his face doesn’t linger in any ◆	 Borgo Maleanime’s name should only appear when the 
of the villagers’ memories. Not even the oldest among Hunters have realized that a dark and dangerous force 
the villagers can say when he appeared exactly, and the is acting against the Order. But to get there they will 
youngest assure each other he has been there at least since need the guidance of someone who has already been 
forever. there, such as the Hunter Niklaus von Krampus.

◆	 If the Hunters decide to visit Borgo Maleanime before 
Only those who know the truth will be able to see him for knowing what they are looking for, they will realize 
what he truly is: a middle-aged gentleman with sad eyes, that it is impossible to reach the town and that the 
surrounded by deeply dark circles. small road that leads to the mountain where the village 

is located will magically take them beyond it. Speaking 
By gathering information along their travels, the Hunters with a wandering merchant along the road, they will 
will become more and more aware of the presence of the discover that he himself goes to the village every now 
One Who Plots in the Shadows, until they can clearly and then, but only if someone leads him, because Borgo 
distinguish him from among the inhabitants of Maleanime. Maleanime is a strange place, always lost in the mists. 

Unfortunately, for over a year now, no one has come 
During or at the end of a Scenario, the Storyteller may or gone from the village. The Storyteller should make 
introduce one or more Clues related to the One Who it clear to the Hunters that it is impossible to reach the 
Plots in the Shadows so that over time it becomes clear to town without a guide and that such a person will not 
the Hunters that a strange, hidden opponent is scheming be easy to find. Too much procrastination around the 
against the Order from the shadows. By studying the Map, town will only be a waste of time.
the Hunters will be able to see Borgo Maleanime, but until 
they find the Clue of the Road of Memories, they will not 
be able to reach the mansion where the One Who Plots in 
the Shadows lives. 

245



The Clues be clear to the Hunters that this figure is endowed with great 
power, but that he acts towards inscrutable ends.

The Child Savior is but a ghost, a reminder of who the One 
Who Plots in the Shadows once was. He does, however, 
still share some of the power that led to the creation of the 

The following is a series of Clues that the Storyteller must world of Broken Tales. The Child Savior will approach the 
drop during the course of the Campaign. Hunters to study them, trying to understand if they can 

 The Road of Memories be the “heroes” who could bring peace to the heart of the 
One Who Plots in the Shadows. After their first meeting, 

The Hunters find a diary written in a child’s handwriting. the Child Savior could come to their aid using his ability 
The little book has a powerful magical aura, from which to come and go from stories as he pleases. It is not possible 
emanates sadness and echoes of the past. The written pages to communicate with him in a normal way, but only by 
clearly illustrate an incredible passion for fairytales and for trying to interpret his actions. The use of certain Gifts, at 
all the characters who are part of them. The diary is full the Storyteller’s discretion, may allow a Hunter to meet or 
of drawings sketched with a child’s hand. They represent speak with the Child Savior for a short time. 
imaginary adventures starring the Hunters themselves, 
painted as heroes who save the world of fairytales. The last Through his messages, the Child Savior can impart the 
page of the diary is a drawing representing a large mansion following information:
at the end of a tree-lined avenue. ◆	 The Broken Tales are not really evil, but someone is 

warping their destiny.
If the Hunters have already been to Borgo Maleanime they ◆	 Someone pulls the strings of the Hunters’ fate.
will recognize the avenue, but they will not remember ◆	 The Hunters find an original fairytale that tells the true 
having seen the mansion. If they have never been there, they story behind one of the Scenarios they have already 
will have the clear perception that the diary is a magical key faced.
to get to a hidden place. ◆	 The location of the Diary (see The Road of Memories).
If they open the diary to the drawing of the mansion facing 
the tree-lined avenue in Borgo Maleanime, they will see the 
house.  Sherazade the Weaver of Tales

Sherazade threatens the Hunters thanks to her power to 

 The Child Savior make nightmares real. As the agent of the One Who Plots 
in the Shadows, the Weaver of Tales wants to prevent the 

A strange child wanders at night, crossing the path of the Hunters from uncovering the truth behind the Broken Tales.
Hunters. His expression is sad and he never speaks. He can 
come and go anywhere he wants, appearing and disappearing Sherazade will act as described in the relevant Scenario on 
in the blink of an eye. Sometimes he watches the Hunters, page 196. In the Campaign, the Weaver of Tales resides 
sometimes he helps them for no obvious reason. It will soon in Italy, in the Kingdom of Naples, as a guest of the noble 

246



Bourbon family. The clues that her Shadows will leave must, Rome, it will be obvious that no one has any memory of 
this person except for his frequent speeches on the danger 

therefore, lead the Hunters to the city of Naples. Some 
examples may be: the Bourbon coat of arms on a precious of the Hunters, a weapon in the hands of the Order that 

has always risked turning into a greater threat than what 
ring, a small lava stone from Vesuvius, or a key with a finely 
worked head depicting the royal palace of Caserta. it fights.

After making amends, Saint George will vow to help the 
Once defeated, Sherazade will tell her story and how a 
strange man whose face she can’t remember gave her the Hunters by setting out in search of this strange figure. Later, 

power to take revenge for her sister’s death. Sherazade has the Saint will be able to bring various information to the 
attention of the Hunters by acting as an intermediary for 

tried several times to tell a story with this strange figure 
as the protagonist, but each time her power fizzled when other Clues. For example, he could suggest that Niklaus 

von Krampus has already been to Borgo Maleanime.
doing so.

◆	 All she has seen is an old mansion at the end of a tree-
lined avenue.  Memories of the Old Exorcist

◆	 In another story, the mysterious figure did nothing 
Niklaus von Krampus has already been to Borgo Maleanime, 

but write, as if obsessed with the idea of modifying his 
where an encounter with a mysterious demon convinced him 

stories. to become a Hunter. What Niklaus does not know is that his 
◆	 In the past, Sherazade has seen a strange child appear 

whole story is but the umpteenth creation of the One Who 
in some stories, able to put an end to the magic of her 

Plots in the Shadows, to remove Niklaus from the game before 
nightmares. he can reveal too much. The old priest has always had the 

◆	 If the Storyteller thinks the time is right, Sherazade 
strong feeling of having left an unfinished exorcism behind in 

will describe having visited Borgo Maleanime the first 
time she received her powers and can lead the Hunters Borgo Maleanime.

there. Niklaus is known in Borgo Maleanime and the villagers will 
be well disposed towards him. They will show him kindness 

 Saint George the Dragon Slayer that they would not to any other foreigner. If Niklaus is 
not among the Hunters played, the Hunters will be able to 

Saint George puts pressure on the Hunters by judging their 
learn what he did in Borgo Maleanime when reporting to 

integrity. As the unwitting pawn of the One Who Plots in the 
the Pope in Rome, or from Saint George once he is on their 

Shadows, the Dragon Slayer becomes a threat to Hunters who 
side. The Hunters will discover that the old exorcist is on 

have gone too far, considering them villains.
a mission for the Order and the Storyteller will be able to 
introduce a new Scenario with von Krampus as an NPC.

Saint George will act as described in the relevant Scenario 
on page 216. In the Campaign, the Saint will have received 
his assignment from the Pope himself, but will clearly 
remember that at the side of the pontiff there was a strange 
adviser that no one had ever seen before. Investigating in 

247



 The Confession  Close Enough
A  

t t
 o
th  

e F
 e e

n e
d l

  
o H

f i
a s

n  B
 in r

v e
es a

ti t
g h
ation, one of the Hunters’ opponents The One Who Plots in t

c h
o e

n  
f S
e h
ss a

e d
s o

t w
ha s 

t b
 t e

h g
e in
y s

w  t
e o
r  
e p
 e
le r

d ce
 i
t v
o e

 d  t
o h

 e
e  
vil or that they received Hunters as a potential t

t h
h r

e e
i a
r t 

p a
o n
w d

e  
r t
s h
 e
fr r

o e
m for

 e
a  

 o
st b

r s
a e

n rv
g e
e s
  
fi t

g h
u e

r m
e  

whose face they do not closely. In the most frantic
re  s

m ce
e n
m es

b , 
e a
r  
. Hunter will always notice 

the silhouette of a man, safely hidden behind some shadows.
One of the Scenario opponents will reveal to the Hunters The One Who Plots in
t  
h t

a h
t e 

th S
e h
y a

 d
r o
e w
ce s

i  
v a

e p
d p

 e
s a
o r

m s 
e w
 k h

i e
n n

d  
 t

o h
f e
  

help that led them to Hunters are focused on
p  

e s
r o
f m
or e

m th
 t i

h n
e g
  
a e
c l
t s
i e
o ,

n  t
s r
 a y

t i
 n
th g 

e t
 c o

o  
r b
e e
 t
o t

f e
 r
th  

e Scenario. understand what they have discovered about him. If 
approached, he will disa

A p
n p

 e
e a
x r

a  
m in

p to
le  

: t
 h
I i
s n
kr  

a ai
 r
w  a

i n
ll d

d  i
e t
s  
c w
ri i

b ll
e  
 b
fl e

e  
eing, cold and without clear to the Hunters th

s a
tr t 

en n
g o
t  
h m

, t a
h t

r te
o r

u  
g h
h o

 t w
h  

e h
 g a

r r
e d
a  

t t
B h

i e
a y

ł  
o t
w ry

ie , 
ża forest, with wolves on the face of the man is w

h i
e p
r e
 t d

ra  f
il r

 o
re m

ad  t
y h
 t e

o i
 r
d  

e m
vo em

ur o
 h r

e ie
r. s

 Th . If
e  
 t
li h

tt e
l  
e girl remembers a caress “Confession” Clue has a

o lr
n e

 a
t d
h y

e  
h b

e e
a e

d n
  
a fo

n u
d n

 a d
 ,
m  th

a e
le  c

 v o
o n

i n
ce e

 c
b t

e i
h o

i n
n  

d her that whispered, “I can be made. 
will give you the power you need to take revenge on your 
mother.” After that, the little girl will say that she woke up While it will not be pos
s s
t i
a b

in le
e  
d fo

 w r 
i t
t h
h e

 b  H
loo u

d n
 t
a e

n rs
d  

 t
f o
o  

u c
n a

d tc
 m h 

a t
n h

y e
  
dead wolves at her feet. One Who Plots in the Shadows, a good plan or a good 

Position Check in the att
O em

ve p
r t
  
t c
h o

e u
 l
c d
o  

u kn
rs o

e c
 o k

f  s
 o
va m

ri e
o  i

u m
s p

S o
c r
e t
n a

a n
r t
i  
os, it will become clear object out of the oppone

t n
o t

 ’s
th  h

e a
 n
H d

u s
n  b

te e
r fo
s r

t e
h  h

at e
  
t d
h i

i s
s a
 p
m p

y e
s a
t r
e s
r :
ious figure is the one who ◆	 A notebook in which

ac  c
t h
s a

a r
s a
 c
a t
 e
c rs
a  
t a
a n
ly d

s  
t f
 a
f c
o ts

r  
 o
t f
h  a

e  
 S
e c
v e

e n
n a

t r
s i
 o
t  
hat require the Order’s still to be played are w

in r
t i
e t
r te
v n

en . Th
tio e

n  S
. to

H r
o y

w te
e ll
v e

e r
r  w
, i

t l
h l 

e p
 r

S e
t p
o a

r r
y e

t  
eller will have to give some Clues such as 

t t
h h

i e
s  
 A
in g

f e
o n

r d
m a

a  o
ti f

o  a
n n

  
a N
t P

th C
e ,
  t
e h
n e

d  p
 o o

f w
 e
th r 

e Scenario, so that the of some Gift or so
p m

r e
e  
se in

n f
c o
e r
 m
of a

 t
t i
h o

e n
  
O th

n a
e t
  
W th

h e
o  H

 P u
lo n

t t
s e
 r
i s
n  

 the Shadows does not will read from the 
d n

i o
v t

e e
r b
t o
 t o

h k
e ,
  
H an

u d
n  

t t
e h
r a
s t
  
f t
r h
o e

m re
 f
t o
h r

e e
  
e t
v h

e e
n y

t  
s of the Scenario itself. will already know 

F if
r  
o th

m e
 y
in  g

te o
r  
r t
o o

g  
a t
t h
i e
o  

n i
s n
 d
it i

 w ca
i t
l e
l d

b  
e p
 p la

o c
s e
s .
i  
ble to obtain, from time The Storyteller mus

t t
o  b

 t e
i  
m ca

e r
, e
 s f

o u
m l t

e h
 a
a t
d  t

d h
it e

i  
o in

n f
a o
l r

i m
nf a

o t
r i
m on

a  
t i
i s
o  

n on the strange figure: useful but does not re
◆ v

	 e
H al

e  t
 h o

a o
s  
 m
a u

st c
r h
o  

n o
g f 

 I t
t h
a e
l  
i p
an lo

 a t 
c o
c f
e  
n th

t. e
  

Scenario. That way, th
◆ e

	  
H H

i u
s n

h t
a e
n rs

d  
s w
 a il

r l
e  
 u
s n
ta d

i e
n r

e s
d ta

 w nd
it  

h th
 i a

n t
k  

 and he claims to be a the figure who lost the n
h o

u te
m bo

bl o
e k
 w  p

r l
i a
t y
e s
r  
. an active role in 

pulling the strings of w
◆	 h

H at
e  i
 s
c  
a h
r a
r p
ie p

s e
 n
a i

b n
o g

o .
k in which he takes notes and writes ◆	 An old and worn diary (

s s
t e
o e

r  
i “
e Th
s. e Road of Memories”).

After revealing two Clues in this way, the One Who Plots 
in the Shadows will no longer dare to follow the Hunters.

248



 The Assassin  The Epilogue
The One Who Plots in the Shadows sends a Dark Presence to Once the necessary Clues have been obtained, the Hunters 
thwart the Hunters. will be able to see the path that leads to the mansion where 

the One Who Plots in the Shadows lives. The villain will 
The Dark Presence will aim to impede the Hunters and, if unleash a group of Dark Presences against the Hunters, 
defeated, will lead to a Clue taken from “The Confession.” created ad hoc for the final confrontation. The Dark 

Presences must be equal to the number of Hunters and 
 The Prophecy each must be linked to a Hunter’s personal story. These 

A powerful group (such as the Zugarramurdi witches) or a Dark Presences must have a background and an Agenda 
Dark Presence (such as Ambrose, for example) will reveal to that leads them to hate the Hunters. 
the Hunters a prophecy about a dark creator who gives birth 
to all the evil in Broken Europe. Once the Dark Presences are defeated, the Hunters will face 

the One Who Plots in the Shadows. He is an anonymous 
The prophecy speaks of a human who became God and man hunched over a large desk, scribbling incessantly on 
believes he holds the whole world in his hands. The prophecy the pages of a book before tearing them out in anger. The 
will also reveal that the Child Savior, the protagonist of an One Who Plots in the Shadows will explain the whole true 
ancient fairytale, has the power to stop the One Who Plots story of the Child Savior and how the world as the Hunters 
in the Shadows. This prophecy will reveal to the Hunters know it is nothing more than his creation.
the name of their enemy and a place where the Child 
Savior was last seen. By choosing a location on the Map, The poor writer is now only a madman, prey to his own 
the Storyteller will be able to drop the “Child Savior Clue” delirium of omnipotence. However, what will be clear to 
into the relevant Scenario. the Hunters is that his death will erase the history of Broken 

Europe. A story of which they are, in spite of themselves, 
the protagonists.

Killing the One Who Plots in the Shadows and bringing all 
the fairytales back to what they were will turn the Hunters 
back into being the villains, the losers, the ones everyone 
hates.

Leaving the One Who Plots in the Shadows alive will mean 
accepting a new world ruled by a mad God. But, it will be 
a world where Hunters have the free will to be whatever 
they want.

What will the Players choose?

249



The Map of Broken  Devil’s 
E Br

u idg
r e

ope Europe is littered with bridges that manifest strange powers 
and that the local population always associate with the 
Devil. One Devil’s Bridge can lead Hunters to another such 
Bridge. Devil’s Bridges are spread across Europe, allowing 

During the Campaign, the Hunters will move across the Hunters to cover great distances in no time. There is 
the Map of Broken Europe. Some places will have a also a Devil’s Bridge in Borgo Maleanime, which could be 
corresponding Scenario, while in others it will be possible an alternative way for the Hunters to get to the hideout of 
to drop Dark Presences or encounters of various kinds. The the One Who Plots in the Shadows.
Storyteller can modify at will the Scenarios and situations 
of each place according to the progress of the Campaign, 
but the following information is to be considered canon for  Durfort
how the general story of the Broken Tales was conceived In

.  this place the Hunters will face the Scenario Red-Hood 
Iskra. Once the Scenario is resolved, Iskra could become 
a Hunter of the Order. Iskra the Young Wolf ’s sheet is 

 Black Forest featured in the expansion book The Broken Ones.

Here the Hunters can face a Scenario in three acts called 
OZena the Suffering and Desperate. Once the final scenario  Martana Island
is completed, OZena could become a Hunter of the Order. In this place the Hunters will face the Scenario The House 
OZena the Afflicted’s sheet is featured in the expansion of Roses, featured in the expansion book The Broken Ones. 
book The Broken Ones. Once this Scenario is completed, Beauty and her Beast 

could become Hunters of the Order. The sheet for Beauty 

 Borgholm and her Beast is featured in the expansion book The 
Broken Ones.

In this location, the Hunters will face the Scenario A 
Soldier’s Duty.  Lohr

 Borgo Maleanime In this place the Hunters will face the Scenario 
Bloodwhite’s Heart, featured in the expansion book 

Here, the Hunters can track the One Who Plots in the The Broken Ones. Once this Scenario is completed, 
Shadows if they have collected enough Clues. It will also be Bloodwhite could become a Hunter of the Order. 
the place of the final confrontation. Borgo Maleanime can Bloodwhite’s sheet is featured in the expansion book 
only be accessed if led by someone who has already visited The Broken Ones.
the town in the past.

250



 London  Naples 
In this place the Hunters will face the Scenario I Don’t In this city, the Hunters will be able to track down Sherazade 
Believe, featured in the expansion book The Broken Ones. and put an end to the threat she poses. Once the Scenario 

is resolved, Sherazade the Weaver of Tales could become 

 Malbork a Hunter of the Order. Sherazade’s sheet is featured in the 
expansion book The Broken Ones.

This city is home to the Order of the Teutonic Knights, who 
have been in open conflict with the Church for years. The 
Teutonic Knights believe the Hunters have strayed from the  Nijmegen 
straight path that should define a servant of God. Here the Hunters can meet the last druids in all of Broken 

Europe. The druids are secretly in the service of the Dark 
Some possible situations related to the Knights: Presence Ambrose the Sorcerer, known as Merlin. The 

◆	 A Hunter of the Order has been taken prisoner (it druids are always ready to help the Hunters, but only 
could be Krampus, whom the Hunters may be hoping because they secretly try to gather information about the 
can lead them to Borgo Maleanime). Broken Tales to share with Merlin. 

◆	 A Treasure linked to the Broken Tales has been found 
by the Knights and is jealously guarded in a stronghold. Some possible situations related to Nijmegen:

◆	 The Knights are preparing an attack on Valea Viilor, ◆	 The druids ask for the Hunters’ help in driving the 
with the intent of penetrating the fortified church and Dark Presence Oakheart from the forest. The spirit 
discovering its secrets. is in Nijmegen because she has fallen in love with a 

young druid.
◆	 The druids ask the Hunters to capture a young novice 

who has betrayed their order and is on his way to 
Malbork to denounce the coven to the Teutonic 
Knights. If the Hunters help them, the druids will reveal 
the location of a Devil’s Bridge around Nijmegen.

 Paris 
In this location, the Hunters will face the Scenario The 
Smile in the Darkness. Once the Scenario is completed, 

Yvonne could become a Hunter of the Order. Yvonne of 
the Dark’s sheet is featured in the expansion book The 
Broken Ones.

251



 Prague  Valea Viilor
In this city the Hunters will face the Scenario I Will Stay In this fortified church lies the Treasury of the Order. This 
with You Always, available in the expansion book The is where the Hunters will have to return each time they 
Broken Ones. want to pick up a Treasure to bring on a mission. Too much 

use of the Order’s Treasures may anger Karen. The Treasury 

 Rome of the Order and Karen the Mannequin are featured in the 
expansion book The Broken Ones.

In the Church capital, Hunters can gather information 
from other Hunters, receive assignments, or hire new party 
members. Rome can also be a connection point for the  Vigo
Clues of the Campaign and a place to return to regularly In this place, the Hunters will face the Scenario In your 
to receive useful information. The Storyteller can use Rome Eyes, with your Feet, available in the expansion book The 
as a connecting point during the Campaign. When talking Broken Ones.
with the Pope, the Hunters can learn useful information 
and receive suggestions on what to do next.  Vík í Mýrdal

In this place, the Hunters will face the Scenario Hunger 
 Sinalunga Island, featured in the expansion book The Broken Ones.

In this place, the Hunters will face the Scenario Of Flesh 
and Wood. Once the Scenario completed, Carlo the Puppet 
could become a Hunter of the Order. Carlo the Living  Whitehaven
Puppet’s sheet is featured in the expansion book The In this town, the Hunters will face the Scenario The City of 
Broken Ones. Pigs. Once the Scenario is completed, the Gang of Three 

Pigs could become a Hunter of the Order. The Gang of 
Three Pigs’ sheet is featured in the expansion book The 

 Stegeborg Broken Ones.
In this place, the Hunters will face the Scenario Stegeborg’s 
Quiet, available in the expansion book The Broken Ones. 
Once the Scenario is completed, Talia the Sleeper could  York 
become a Hunter of the Order. Talia the Sleeper’s sheet is In this place, the Hunters will face the Scenario 
featured in the expansion book The Broken Ones. Wonderbedlam. Once the Scenario is completed, Alice of 

Other Worlds and Hatta Carter could become Hunters of 
the Order. Alice of Other Worlds and Hatta Carter’s sheets 
are featured in the expansion book The Broken Ones.

252



 Zugarramurdi ends when the Storyteller believes it has run its course. 
Hunters are entitled to a Scenario’s end Interlude after each 

In this small town, a powerful coven of witches has always Encounter. This is a good incentive for them, as Encounters 
been hiding. Led by the sorceress Gabrina Furetta, who are a good way to earn XP without having to face the risks 
fled from Italy after attracting too much attention from of a full Scenario. 
the Papacy, the witches are available to provide power and 
information. However, they always charge a price for their When planning the Encounters, the Storyteller can be 
help. inspired by one of these 3 options:
 
Some possible situations related to Zugarramurdi: Encounter with a Dark Presence

◆	 Saint George arrives in the small town with his Paladins 1 The Hunters stumble upon one of the Dark Presences 
to capture Gabrina. featured on page 41. Roll a die or pick from the list:

◆	 The Hunters arrive during a magical challenge between 
Baba Yaga and Gabrina. The two witches have a strong 
mutual dislike (also because Baba Yaga never misses an Ambrose the Sorcerer, known as the Old Merlin 
opportunity to mock her rival) and the consequences 1-2 The Hunters see an old, ruined tower in the mists. It is 
of the many spells cast threaten to shed a bad light on the current home of Ambrose. The old wizard will welcome 
the Order. them if they knock at his door. 3-4 A monstrous beast sows 

Encounters panic in the square of a small village. In reality, the beast 
was unleashed by Ambrose, curious to see the Hunters at 
work. 5-6 Ambrose approaches the Hunters in the guise of 
an old farmer named Kurt. The man is desperate because a 

Encounters are Game Scenes that are outside a Scenario fairy creature destroys his crops every night. Ambrose hopes 
and come into play when the Hunters move from one place the Hunters will eliminate the creature (which is actually 
to another along the Map. The purpose of the Encounters innocent and just upset by the wizard’s presence) because its 
is to give variety to the Campaign game, highlighting the skin is useful for some arcane preparations.
stories and details of Broken Europe. 

When the Hunters travel, based on the distance between Frog Face
the place of departure and the place of arrival, the 1-2 Frog Face falls in love with one of the Hunters. 3-4 The 
Storyteller prepares 1 to 3 Encounters. This proportion is Hunters run into a young girl on the run. Frog Face and his 
purely subjective and only serves to give a perception of trusty Heinrich watch the encounter from a distance, waiting 
distance, but it isn’t intended to be realistic. Simply put, it to be able to retrieve their prey. 5-6 Heinrich approaches 
will be clear to the Hunters that the longer a journey, the the Hunters to request their services. His lord offers immense 
more situations will arise along the way. riches if they manage to break a curse that hangs on him...

An Encounter follows the normal rules for Scenes but 

253



Hua Mulan the Sword Demon  Details in Sara’s description will give the Hunters the distinct 
impression that this encounter actually happened.

1-2 The sound of a fight draws the attention of the Hunters. 
A very skilled warrior faces more than ten brigands alone. The Wild Swans Gang
Will she need help? 3-4 Hua Mulan is on the trail of one of 1-2 The Hunters arrive in a village where the church has 
the Hunters to avenge an injustice they inflicted to a former been set on fire by a group of fierce young people. Anton, the 
Scenario NPC. 5-6 The Hunters find a half-dead deserter. parish priest, will say that there were eleven criminals and 
After recovering, the young man will say his name is Patrick that he heard them boast of their deep hatred for the papacy. 
and will tell of having escaped the fury of an invincible warrior Now Anton fears that the gang is headed for the church in a 
who is hunting him down to punish him for his desertion. nearby village. 3-4 The Hunters stumble upon a dilapidated 
Patrick will weep, saying that he was forced to enlist and that house that everyone says is the home of a witch. Traces of 
he is just trying to reunite with his wife and daughter. blood which lead into the nearby forest and disappear do not 

bode well. 5-6 Arriving in the city, the Hunters discover that 
The Periwinkle Peer another Hunter of the Order has arrived before them but has 
1-2 The Peer tracks down the Hunters to challenge the most mysteriously disappeared without a trace.

skilled among them to a duel. 3-4 The Hunters meet the Peer 
at a village celebration, and amidst music and libations, the The Silent
NPC will use his Gift of Divine Charm on one of the Hunters. 1-2 The Hunters come across a traveling circus. Gustav, the 
5-6 The Hunters meet Isabella, a young woman with a sad director, is desperate because the previous night someone 
look. She is a noble who has forsaken her family to follow the kidnapped Lucina, an unusual young woman with the power 
Periwinkle Peer, who has now abandoned her for another to control insects, and someone he thinks of as a daughter. 
woman. If only someone would recover the necklace that Lucina has no control over her ability and now Gustav fears it 
Isabella gave him as a promise of marriage, the young woman will cause genuine harm. 3-4 In a small village, a rumor has 
would be free from all bonds and could return to her family. spread that a beautiful young girl often baths in the nearby 

river. Many bold young people went to see, but none came 
The Ancient Enemy back. 5-6 Marina the Sea Explorer contacts the Hunters via 
1-2 A group of desperate farmers approaches the Hunters. A a magical seagull. The bird reveals to the Hunters that, in the 
large beast comes out every night and eats the cattle, and no village they are heading to, a dangerous killer with whom she 

one is able to stop it. 3-4 The Ancient Enemy approaches the has unfinished business is hiding. As a reward for eliminating 

Hunters in the guise of a small squirrel. He wants to observe this threat, Marina will be willing to donate one of her prized 

them in the next Scenario they will face, to understand if they treasures.
can be true allies who could save him from Saint George and 

his Paladins. 5-6 A little girl named Sara asks the Hunters 
to deliver a flower necklace to the “big lizard” who saved 
her from drowning in the lake near the village. None of the 
adults believe her story, but she would love to repay her savior. 

254



The Wise Fox
1-2 In a smallpox-stricken village, the Hunters receive a call Orcus the Guardian
for help from the parents of a dying child. A fox spirit who has 1-2 The Hunters learn that a fearsome monster is garrisoning 
often helped the village can be found in a nearby mountain a bridge across the river and killing anyone who doesn’t pay 
spring, but no one has the strength for such a diffi
3 c

- u
4 lt journey. him a toll. In reality, Orcus has settled under the bridge to live 

 The Hunters find along their way a bag full of coins and, far from the village and avoid doing harm. But when he went 
shortly after, a poor blind man who claims to have lost them. out to ask for alms from a passing merchant, the situation as 
Doing the right or wrong thing will inform the Fox’s judgment always ended badly... and the rumor of a ferocious creature 
of the Hunters. 5-6 The Hunters find a wounded, old fox guarding the bridge spread. 3-4 The Hunters arrive in 
being chased by a hunter named Galvan. The man will say a square where an execution is about to take place. Orcus 
that the creature is an evil spirit and that it must die. The Fox unintentionally killed the arrogant son of the local noble 
will take cover behind the Hunters. and was arrested. But the villagers plead for the good giant’s 

fate, who over the years has always done his utmost to help 
Fire Eater the Puppeteer everyone. 5-6 The Hunters come across a criminal called 
1-2 Vizzini, who keeps the Masked Swashbuc

 k
M le

a r 
r a
i n
le d

n  
a th

, e
a  g

 i
d g

e a
s n
p t

e i
r c
a  

te mother, runs through the town Orcus the Guardian in his service.
streets. Her two beloved twin children, Rosa and Rosario, 
disappeared from the bed they slept in without leaving a 
trace. And to think that G

, j o
u l

s d
t i

t l
h o

e c
 k
ni s

g  
h a

t n
 b d

e  
f h
or e

e r
,  

t W
he a

 fa r
m  B

i e
ly a

 h r
a s

d 
enjoyed the show of an i 1

t -
in 2

e  
r Th
an e

t  
p H

u u
p n

p t
e e
t r
e s
e  
r e
.. n

. 3-4 coun
 t
W er

a  a
n  

d b
e a
r n
in d

g  o
 f savagely slaughtered 

around a large marke m
t, er

t c
h e

e n
 a

H r
u ie

n s.
t  
e J
r a
s c
 q

n u
o e
t s
i ,
c  
e t
 h

a ei
 r

d  l
i e
s a
tu d

r e
b r,

i  
n w

g i
 ll tell them of a young 

puppet with a sad loo g
k i

 r
t l 
h w

at i
 th
se  

e t
m hr

s e
 e
t  
o B

 e
b a

e r
 s
w  w

a ho were able to hold their ground 
5 tc

- h
6 ing them. 

 The Hunters stum a
bl l

e o
 n
u e

p  a
o g

n a
 F in

ir s
e t 
 t
E h

a ir
te ty

r’  
s o
 s f 

t h
re is

e  
t m
 sh en

o .
w  3

 a -
n 4

d  
 The Hunters encounter 

realize that his amazin G
g o
 w ld

i i
r l
e o
l c
e k
s s
s  
 w
pu h

p il
p e

e  s
t h
s e

a  i
r s
e  
 d
a e

n s
i p
m er

a a
t t
e e
d ly

  
b s

y e
 eking a cure for one of 

dark magic. her Bears, who has fallen ill. 5-6 The Hunters are in a tavern 
when their waitress accidentally pours soup on a girl’s hair. 

The Masked Swashbuckler But the waitress’ apologies are far from enough to appease 
1-2 Goldilocks’ ire.

 The Hunters witness the duel between the Masked 
Swashbuckler and a local noble, who is guilty of killing the Sinbad the Traveler of a Thous
go a

a n
t d
 o  S

f e
a a

 s
poor peasant family for fun. 3-4 The Masked 

Swashbuckler, hired b 1
y -
 2

a  
n I

 n
N  a

P n
C  o

 l
f d
r  
o v

m ill
 a

a g
 e 

p t
a a

s v
t e
 r

S n
c , 
e S
n i

a n
r b
i a
o, d

  delights patrons with 
tales of his adventures in the Far E

t a
ri s

e t
s . 
 A
to ll

  
a h

s i
s s
a  s

s p
si e

n c
a ifi

te c
  a
on n

e d
  
of the Hunters. 5-6 The Masked detailed references to magic and 

S fa
w n

a t
s a
h s

b ti
u c 

ck c
l r
e e
r a
, t

d u
r r
u es

n  
k l

 e
i a
n d

 t  
he tavern, remembers the past and the Hunters to understand that Sin

th b
e a
 d
b  

e i
t s
r n
a ’t

y  
a m

ls e
 h re

e l
 y
s  
u t

ff el
e l
r in
ed g 

. If the Hunters keep him company, 
between one slurred wo t

r a
d le

 a s.
n  3

d -
th 4

e  
 Th
ne e

x  
t H
, t u

h n
e t
 e
s r
w s 

o w
rd il

s l
m  en

an co
 w un

il t
l e
 r Sinbad in the palace 

let slip a Clue about the o
 O f 

n a 
e l
 o
W ca

h l
o  n

 P o
l b
o l
t e
s .
  
i Th
n t e

h  
e T
 S ra

h v
a e

d l
o er
w  

s b
. oasts of having brought the 

talented Chronicler Sherazade to Europe, and of knowing 

255



which court she is gracing with her services. Sinbad is willing 
to reveal this information, but only if someone can relieve 3 Tackling a Hunter-specific issue 

The Hunters encounter a situation related to one of their 
him of his boredom. 5-6 Sinbad contacts the Hunters for own. Roll a die or pick from the list:
help. He released a fire spirit out of curiosity, but now the 
being is putting the whole region to fire and the sword. Sinbad 
has the jar to seal the spirit away, but obviously he will want Baba Yaga the Child Witch
to go with the Hunters himself to “lend a hand” and relieve 1-2 A witch who claims to have killed the famous Baba 
boredom. Yaga. 3-4 A family that mistakes little Yaga for their dead 

2 daughter. 5-6 A lady who knows of Morgana’s secret and of 
Event Yaga and Merlin’s sins.
An Event is a series of Scenes that the Storyteller can 
introduce to act as a “link” to the general plot of the Babai the Judge
Campaign. These Scenes are great for: 1-2 A corrupt judge who uses the law for personal gain. 

◆	 Introducing opponents such as Sherazade and Saint 3-4 A feud between two villages that has not been settled 
George. for over a hundred years because no one is willing to act as a 

◆	 Introducing the One Who Plots in the Shadows. judge between the parties. 5-6 An elusive murderer named 
◆	 Letting the Hunters meet the ghost of the Child Savior. Mormo, who is said to walk in the shadows to escape the law.
◆	 Having the Hunters meet another Hunter or a 

Dark Presence with useful information for their 
investigation. Garou the Old Wolf

Some Events will be simple Scenes, such as meeting in an 1-2 A young wolf from the North named Fenrir who wants to 
inn with a Hunter to exchange information. In this case, the beat the famous Garou. 3-4 An old hunter who is after the 
Storyteller can take advantage of the setting to give color trophy he most desires, the skin of the wolf that has terrified 
and depth to the world of Broken Europe, and to the stories humans for decades. 5-6 A ruthless brigand who uses the big 
of other Hunters or to Dark Presences. bad wolf as a cautionary tale to prey on the weak.
Events with Sherazade or Saint George as protagonists, 
on the other hand, could generate meaningful Scenarios James the Swordsman
that must be resolved before the Hunters can resume their 1-2 A crew of smugglers who want to avenge their captain, 
journey.

killed in a duel. 3-4 A monstrous beast that persecutes an 
innocent, just as it happened to James. 5-6 A famous duelist 
who, however, wins his encounters through deceit.

The Astonishing Pied Piper Without a Name
1-2 A small village where all the animals have rebelled 
against man. 3-4 A young apprentice who has heard the 

256



Piper play and now wants him to become his teacher. 5-6 Niklaus von Krampus 
The famous composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has heard 1-2 A young peasant woman seems to be possessed by a 
the Pied Piper play a melody to cheer some street children dangerous demon, who turns out to be the brother of the one 
and now he cannot get such perfection out of his mind. The trapped within Niklaus. 3-4 A devil wreaks havoc at night in 
musician has hired a group of bounty hunters to find the 
Pied Piper and bring him to Salzburg so they can compose a a terrified village, kidnapping children. 5-6 An old traveler 
symphony together. from Borgo Maleanime unlocks Krampus’ mind, letting his 

memories pour out.

The Immortal 
1-2 Regina, the Thief of Hearts

The grave of the only person the Immortal ever loved. 
3-4 1-2 A prominent general whose heart Regina broke. 3-4 

 The consequences of the Immortal’s past raids are the 
source of daily suffering for an entire village. Is it time to A judge who wants Regina to stand trial for her past sins. 
right the old wrongs? 5-6 A young boy who is identical to the 5-6 Ace, Jack, and Spades, a group of former servants of 
Immortal in his prime. He is in fact a homunculus created by Regina who are demanding revenge for having been left for 
the Immortal himself and since forgotten. the gallows. 

The Woman from the Wood Saint George the Dragon Slayer
1-2 A gang of street orphans being hunted by an avid meat 1-2 Many villages live in fear of a “Dragon” who is taking 

trader, famous for the “special” taste of some of his delicacies. cattle and careless peasants. 3-4 An injustice perpetrated 

3-4 by the Church against the peasants: a greedy priest who uses 
An old house in the woods, which is said to literally 

his fake promises of Holy redemption to fill his belly. 5-6 A 
devour those who enter it. 5-6 A young woman, very strong Paladin in the service of George who betrayed the Church for 
and without memory, with the same physical features as the a good cause. 
Woman from the Wood.

Marina the Sea Explorer Sun Wukong the Amazing Monkey
1-2 1-2 The animals of a traveling circus are forced to perform 

A magical item that she absolutely needs to add to her 
collection, but which an old nobleman does not want to let often deadly routines and weep at their wretched life. 3-4 A 

go of, as it is the sole memento of his deceased wife. 3-4 raging spirit out of control awakened from a Chinese stone. 
A 

child who has lost his sight and cannot be fooled by Marina’s 5-6 Angus, a survivor of Wukong’s anger when he escaped 
from his first circus, who now wants the head of the monkey 

disguises. 5-6 Katrina, an old customer who wants to take warrior.
revenge on Marina for the gift she received, as it did not have 
the desired effects.

257



Verdoux Bluebeard 
1-2 Beatrix, Verdoux’s second wife, is not really dead, but 
has rebuilt a life with the spy Anton, one of Bluebeard’s 
historical enemies. The man faked Beatrix’s death to hurt his 
rival, hiding her in an abandoned tower. Over time, however, 
Anton fell in love with the sweetness of Beatrix, whose 
memory was shattered by the pain of being away from her 
beloved. 3-4 An old door in an abandoned building which, 
apparently, no key can open. 5-6 A secret that, if revealed, 
triggers a powerful curse, which kills whoever revealed the 
secret within a week.

Yukie Onn the Traveling Artist
1-2 One of the brothers of Akihiro, her lost love, has come 
to the West as part of a diplomatic mission. He was the 
only one who never opposed the love between Yukie Onn 
and Akihiro. Will he now hate Yukie for what she did to his 
family? 3-4 The young lover Romeo mourns his impossible 
love with Juliet, opposed by her parents, who do not consider 
him worthy due to an old family feud. 5-6 A famous dancer, 
envious of the attention that Yukie attracts, denounces her as 
a foreign spy to the local government.

258



E  Permanently acquire an Order’s 

Caxmpepraieignnc eg ianm ae Treasure
The Hunter gains an Order’s Treasure as a special 
equipment. They will have to create a relevant Descriptor 
for the Treasure.

During a Campaign, there are two types of Interludes that 
significantly alter the general rules.  Acquire a new Gift
Scenario Interludes The Hunter gets a new Gift related to their story, which will 

be created with the rules on page 73. Together with the 
They are exactly like those presented on page 11, with the Gift, they will have to create a relevant Descriptor.
only exception that it is not possible to evolve a Descriptor 
into a Specialization.  Evolve a Descriptor into a Specialization
Scenario’s end Interlude The Hunter can rewrite a Descriptor to make it more 

effective and powerful. Once per Scene, when they bring 
These occur automatically at the end of each Scenario up the Descriptor in an action, they can decide to get 4 Base 
or after an Encounter if the Storyteller believes it was Successes instead of 3.
important to the Campaign. Each Hunter receives 3 XP 
for the end of the Scenario and 1 XP for an Encounter.  Obtain 1 additional Wound
They also recover all their Soma points and remove all the The Hunter can take 4 Wounds before being knocked out.
Wounds they suffered.

You can spend 5 XP to get one of the following Advance-  Increase the Soma value by 1
ments. The Hunter receives 1 permanent Soma point. This 

Progression can be acquired up to 3 times.

 Permanently acquire a Scenario Gift
The Hunter gains the Gift earned during the Scenario or  Have an apprentice Hunter in tow
can purchase it now if the requirements have been met After resolving an investigation, one who was an enemy 
during the story. Using the Gift as a starting point, they will could become a future member of the Order. To take this 
have to create a relevant Descriptor. Advancement, an NPC encountered during a Scenario 

must have been defeated or convinced to join the Order, 
and there must be a corresponding Hunter Sheet. Having 
an apprentice Hunter grants the following benefits:

◆	 The Player gets a second Hunter to use during Sessions. 
At each Scene they can decide which of the two Hunters 
will be leading, and will therefore act directly in the 
Scene, and which will be backstage, and will therefore 

259



work behind the scenes to grant bonuses. Hunter, following them on their adventures.
◆	 The Storyteller can manage the Hunter backstage by ◆	 If the Dark Presence was an Opponent or Neutral, the 

creating ad hoc Scenes for them, or by making them Storyteller will have to consider whether to modify 
return to “report” to the lead Hunter at the beginning some of their Gifts to make them more suitable for 
of the following Scene. This way, the Hunter may their new role.
have achieved all or part of the assigned task and the ◆	 The Hunter must create a Descriptor to represent their 
Storyteller, in keeping with the narrative, will be able to Bond with the Dark Presence. This Descriptor can be 
inflict Wounds, retrieve Soma or activate Gifts. brought into play during actions and marked to obtain 

XP like all the others.

 Forge a Bond with another Hunter ◆	 The Dark Presence will do their best to support the 
Hunter, within the limits of what the Bond Descriptor 

Going through the investigation together created a states. However, the NPC remains under the 
special relationship between two Hunters. To take this Storyteller’s control.
Advancement, the Player of the Hunter affected by the 
Bond must agree. Limitations when choosing Advancements
Having a Bond with another Hunter grants the following With the exception of Increase the Soma value by 1, each 
benefits: Advancement can only be chosen once. A Hunter can never 

◆	 Once per Scenario, a Hunter can come to the rescue of have more than 4 Gifts (with the exception of those obtained 
their Bond wherever they are, appearing in the Scene temporarily during a Scenario), so upon obtaining the fifth 
when needed most. Gift the Hunter must choose which one is being replaced 

◆	 Once per Scene, a Hunter can give 1 or more Soma to from among those they already have. The Dark Ego Gift 
their Bond to help them out in a situation. can never be replaced in any way, but its Descriptor can be 

◆	 Once per Scene, a Hunter can take 1 Wound in place evolved through a Specialization.
of their Bond, but only if it makes sense in the story for 
them to be able to stand between them and the threat.

For a two-way Bond, each affected Hunter must purchase 
the Advancement.

 Forge a Bond with a Dark Presence
A Hunter can create a special relationship with a Dark 
Presence they have encountered on their travels. The 
conditions for creating the Bond must be established by the 
Player in agreement with the Storyteller. Once the Bond 
is created, the Dark Presence will become an ally of the 

260



Hunter’s Sheet Description:
 

PLAYER:

Hunter:  
 
 

 Descriptors and Gifts 
Descriptor: Descriptor:

• Gift: • Dark Ego:
  
  
  
  

Descriptor: ACTIVATOR:

• Gift:  Wounds 
 1.
 
 2.
 

 Equipment 3.
EXTRA WOUND:

Soma XP
 



Bookmark
Once upon Once upon 
a time... a time...

Additional Descriptors Additional Descriptors

Story Gifts Story Gifts

 ←  ←

 ← Wounds  ← Wounds

Notes Notes

Soma    XP Soma    XP

Sheet

Sheet



Scenario Summary Sheet
BROKEN FAIRYTALE:

SAFETY KEYWORDS: 

Keywords:

 Setting  Events & Notes 

 The story so far

 The story when the Hunters arrive

 Scenario Gifts 
Gift:
 

Gift:
 

Gift:
 



 Places 
Place:
Descriptor: Place:

Descriptor: Place:
Descriptor:

Gift: Gift: Gift:
 
Other:  

Other:  
Other:

Place:
Descriptor: Place:

Descriptor: Place:
Descriptor:

Gift: Gift: Gift:
 
Other:  

Other:  
Other:

 NPCs 
 NPC:			   OL:              Wounds:   NPC:			   OL:              Wounds:  

Descriptor: Descriptor:

Agenda: Agenda:

Gift: Gift:

Gift: Gift:

  
 NPC:  NPC:  NPC:

OL:		                            Wounds:       OL:		                            Wounds:       OL:		                            Wounds:       
Descriptor: Descriptor: Descriptor:

Agenda: Agenda: Agenda:

Gift: Gift: Gift:

   



Y SOMETHING OF VALUE BEAUTIFUL A SUNNY 
Vík í Mýrdal

Stegeborg

Broken Europe Borgholm
City
Settlement
Bridge
Forest

York
Devil's 
Bridge Whitehaven Malbork

Nijmegen
London Devil's 

Bridge
Map Lohr

Paris Black 
Forest Prague

Valea Viilor

Vigo Zugarramurdi
Durfort Borgo 

Maleanime
Devil's Sinalunga
Bridge

Rome Martana Island

Naples

 FAIRYTALE A GENTLE CARESS A SMALL TOIN THE WOODS DARK BEARD MEMORIES WHY?DAY! THE SPELL IS BROKEN A SMALL ROAD 



Backers
4uarto, A Smart Odyssey, a-irok, A. Choi, A. Gedeon, A. N. C. Mazor, A. Willett, Aaron Besson, Aaron D. Schneider, Aaron Sheehan, Aaron Starbird, Aaron Upchurch, Aaron Webster, Abe Scheppler, Abhishek Ray, 
ABurrage, acolyte, Adam Burns, Adam Fisher, Adam Gerecke, Adam Jung, Adam Krump, Adam McCourt, Adelet damien, Adrian Rzepko, Adrian Tchaikovsky, Adric Breau, Adrián Carrizo Pérez, adumbratus, Agnieszka 
Nowak, Ago, Aidan Muller, Aiden Lile, Aisha Laury, AJ Etzweiler, Aki, Alan Giorgi, Alan Reed Mitchell, Alberto Gonzalez, Alberto Lolli, Alberto The Fraz Frate, Alec Brown, Aleister LongEars, Aleksandra Karzycka, 
Aleksandra Menio, Aleksandra Żukowicz, Alessandro “Neverend45” Rocchi, Alessandro “Rumorebianco” Nosenzo, Alessandro “Shalafi” Ferrari, Alessandro Alvino, Alessandro Andriani, Alessandro Ansaloni 
Giustiniani, Alessandro Caridi, Alessandro Cattini, Alessandro Daccò, Alessandro Dayan Bonanni, Alessandro Favarotto, Alessandro Majnardi, Alessandro Pabis, Alessandro S., Alessandro Savino, Alessio Neri, Alessio 
Red Fudo Rossi, Alessio Toniolo, Alex “Behr” Lunar, Alex Boettcher, Alex Brunori, Alex Hodges, Alex Iptok Melluso, Alex Lyman, Alex Macomber, Alex Roff, Alex Washick, Alexander Henriquez, Alexander Matyushev, 
Alexander Mueller, Alexander Neumann, Alexander Osias, Alexandre Arbitrov, Alexandros Papadakis, AlexH, Alexsondra Oas-Thorn, Ali B., Alice Carson Monroe, Alisa Mor, Alissa Scire, Alistair, Allen Lebeck, Ally 
Kinzelman, Alycia Icenroad, Amanda, Amanda Dillard, Amanda Edwards, Amanda Gray, Amanda Lynea, Amanda Tinebra, Amaranth, Amaris Cinaed, Amelia Denzien, Ami Clayton, Amuk, Amy DiMola, Anders 
Jonsson, Andiol Paca, Ando Ha, Andre the Anxiousalad, Andrea “Cx” Cuni, Andrea “Papo” Pavan, Andrea Biasone Profeta Penta-Dimensionale, Andrea Bogani, Andrea Felicioni, Andrea Guerrieri, Andrea Lo, Andrea 
Marcone, Andrea Micozzi, Andrea Mondin [Yhtnay], Andrea Porati, Andrea Saliani, Andrea Sire Marengo, Andrea Zuanelli, Andreas Pauly, Andreas Sewe, Andrei Codin, AndrethSaelind, Andrew, Andrew A, Andrew 
Drash, Andrew Girdwood, Andrew Henderson, Andrew Hoffman, Andrew Johnston, Andrew LaFrance, Andrew Martinez, Andrew Mauney, Andrew Merrick, Andrew Peregrine, Andrew Rawlings, Andrew Svarczkopf, 
Andrew T Williams, Andrzej Krakowian, André Albrecht, Andy & Ben Rock, Andy “Jhandar” White, Andy Coe, Angel Gonzalez, Angela Cattoni, Angelica Shinxan”, Angelo Pileggi, Angelo Rocca, Angelrute, Anna 
“Mouse” Piotrowska, Anna Colliander, Anna Lapinsh, Anne Odette Nymus, Anon, Anony, anthony, Anthony Duran, Anthony Fran, Anthony Valdez, Anton Belov, Antonio Bazzone, Antonio Micolucci, Anushka Ra, 
Aodháin Enright, AOI, Arciro, Arclint Casil, Arethya, Aria Arundottir, Ariel Freudenberg, Ariel Sawicki, Arik ten Broeke, Arno Gradwohl, Artretha, Arvin, Asenath W., Ash Buckl, Ash Dial, Ash West Frederiksen, Ashe 
Anderson, Ashe Rhyder, Ashlee Sparfven, Ashraf, Aster Zeon, Astrid Mosler, Attilio il Capitano di Torre Nera, Audrey Eldridge, Audrey Hung, August “Gman” P., August Martin, Aura, Aurora e Greta Micolucci, Austin 
S. Leavitt, Autumn Nord, Avalon Warner-Gonzales, AwkwardRabbit, Axel Nevo, Ayukata Taka’aki, B Disley, B-samaltoria, B. Delaney, Backer dell’ultimo minuto, Bake, Bartosz “Princess Grin” Guczalski, Baruzzi Nicola, 
Baylan Bosworth, Bea, Bear Weiter, Ben Brady, Ben Burris, Benjamin Billings, Benjamin Deschamps, Benjamin TheBuddha Hill, Berardino Colangelo, Berke C., Beru, Bharat Munshi, Bianca Longstaff, Billy J Ros, Björn 
Butzen, Blabbeo, Blake Taylor, Blaze and Carmen Beyer, Bob de Lange, Bob Liu, Bob Monkman, Bob Weber, Bonnie Ginepro, BOOMFIST, Boris Bernhard, Born, Bosmarmot, Bove, Brad Hardwicke, Braden Cange, 
Bradley Smeja, Bramwell Alexis Hammel Crocker, Bran Hester, Brandasauro, Brandon Benes, Brandon McClelland, Brandy Swan, BrawnyFanta, Brennan Phillips, Brenton(Thorin), Brett Volz, Bria Nycole, Brian 
“Knightsfall” Dwyer, Brian Colin, Brian Marshall, Brian P. Nadeau, Brian Short, Briceson Tollison, Brigette Swan, Brittany M, brix19, Broodling, Brooke Miller, Brooklyn Rounds, Bryan Ballard, Bryan Barletta, Bryan 
Kurpierz, Bryan Smith Jr., Bryan Vestey, Buck Lightborne, Bugz, Bukkaroo, Bíró Ádám, Błażej “Rals” Kosiński, C. Andrew Little, Caitlin Jane Hughes, Cal ya Pal, Callie Linn, Calliope Quessenberry, Callum Holt, Calvin 
Johns, Calvin Mackey, Cameron conarroe, Camilla Zamboni, Capt. Joestar Mercado, Cari E Raymond, Carl S. Stone, Carlo Cazzanti, Carlos Valenzuela, Caroline Coriell, Caroline Hammer, Carsten Damm, Carter, cary 
layton, Casey Corbin, Casey Waigand, Cassidy, Cat Wilson, Catriona, Cecelia Rafferty, Cedric “Sivrel” Kulacz, Cera Banana, Cezary “Verencius” Wysoczański, Chad Andrew Bale, Chad Smathers, ChainLink, Chandler 
Byrne, Chaotick9, Charles D. Moisant (silverphoenix.net), Charlie TheCoffeeRain, Charlotte Desormeaux, Charon MacDonald, Chase Simba, Chases-Lost-Ghosts, Chelsea Lappe, Chelsea Nicole, Chema dlG, Cherise 
Papa, Chong Jin, Chris Betancourt, Chris Cahier, Chris Cunliffe, Chris Curtis-Moore, Chris Hyland, Chris Kowalski, Chris Lin, Chris Maloney, Chris Newton, Chris Osapai, Chris Spivak, Chris Spradlin, Chris Svehaug, 
Chris Widmer, Chrissy Marie & Mickie, Christa Nelson, Christian Dworschak, Christie Jennings-Wyckoff, Christine Wiesner, Christophe B., Christopher Mahon, Christopher Slattery, Chuck, Chuck Dee, Church, Ciarán 
Tuohy, Ciro Alessandro Sacco, Ciro Lamberti, Claudio H P Lins, Claudio Pustorino, Claudio Serena, Clay Gardner, Clay Mayben, Cody Maisano, Cody Swatek, colin, Coloniseur, Comandante Paz, CommeTuVeux, 
Conen Slusher, Conley Phung, Conner Vail, Connor Mason, Conrad, Conrad Zero, Cosimo Castellano, CoupleOfKooks, Craig Bryan Hindle, CrazyNuz, Cris Tridello, Crispian Thurlborn, Cristian Cortez, Cristian Fin, 
Crocevia Dei Mondi, Cryscofogus, CyanScaledLighthouse, Cynthia W., Cyrus Mendez, Czeczen, D. J. R. Allkins, Dadelfush, Daen Musick-Slater, Dalton Neal, Damien Sweet, Damon Begley, Damon Sandall, Damus, Dan 
Dittmer, Dan Galvin, Dane Mastantuono, Dani Meir, Daniel Ellebracht, Daniel Eriksson, Daniel Gilmore, Daniel Gregory, Daniel Gritzner, Daniel Lyne, Daniel Resto-Montero, Daniel Tiecher, Daniel To, Daniel Urdzik, 
Daniel Westheide, Daniela Proia, Daniele “SpiritoGiovane” Fusetto, Daniele Carosi, Daniele Cenciarelli, Daniele Galli, Daniele Pallavicini, Daniele Ruggeri, Daniele Toffanin, Danny Awalt Jr., Danny Godin, Danny 
Kriegbaum Laursen, Dante Bio, Dany Leclerc, Dario “G...eek” Galassi, Dario “Uzedh” Berto, Dave “Wintergreen” Harrison, Dave Floyd, David, David A. Checkett, David Andreozzi, David Bjorne, David Capricorne, 
David Griffiths, David Holland, David Holmes, David J Hareza, David K, David Paul Guzmán, David Resetti, David Rodemaker, David Russell, David Scott (Gaius), David Stephenson, David Stokes, David Szafran, David 
Thomas, David Wiggins, Davide Bombardelli, Davide C., Davide Caporusso, Davide Febbraro, Davide Giacobazzi, Davide Peruzzi, Debora Guzzi, Deborah J. Brannon, Debra LaVergne, DecreDylan, Deepcesa, Delphine 
Imbert, Demajen, Denise K Bane, Denley Messerly, Derek and Suzanne Thuecks, Derek Guder, Derek W. Branim, Di Mauro Giuseppe Davide, Diana DiMicco, Diego Fabris, dmmagic, Donaciano Archuleta, Donald 
peaslee, Donato Giardini, Donpeal, Douglas A Christy, Dr Rachael Williams, Dr Shawn C. Rowlands, Dramatic Fox, Dread The Knight & Selyndria, Drew “industrialscribe” Scarr, DrKraenk, Drp, Drzpoohbear, Dustin 
Laughlin, Dustin M, Dustin Mack, Dylan K, Dylan Thrasher, Dylana Andrews, D’Amadio Andrea, E.G. Russo, Earthbound, Ed, Eden C., Ederejya Skölldottir, Edith Firkin, Edoardo Bogni, Edouard Contesse, Edvard 
Blumentanz, Edward Lyon, Edward Miles, Eeyore Page, Eimear Quinn, EJ Allison, ekrl, el Nolo, El Sobrino, Elektra Diakolambrianou, Elena Hesse, Elgin Scott, Eli Pou, Elias, Elias Geir, Elijah Dresen, Elisa “but Tucker’s 
Kobolds” Franssen, Elisabeth Duwe (writteninjade), Eliza Eaton, Elizabeth Davis, Elizabeth Earle, Elizabeth Villarreal, Elliot Rogers, Elliott Maya, Ellisaraen, Elora, Emanuel Baldi, Emanuele Bonin, Emilio Pierotti, Emma 
Castleberry, Emma Hughes, English, Enrico Massarelli, Eowyn Kvalheim, Ephraim Mallery, Eric D., Eric Fischer, Eric Prister, Eric Smolitsky, Eric Vandervort, Erich von Lichnowsky, Erika Minimè Memole, Erika Ward, 
Erin Ezia, Erin McCoy, Ernesto Padilla, Ernie Sawyer, Erpegowe Piekiełko, Erwan Grenet, Erwin Pétieu, Erynn Flaherty, Esther Phillips, Ethan Anderson, Ethan Grier, Ethan Siegel, Ethanos, Ettore “Nedragast” Carli, 
Eugenio M. Lauro, Eunji Rogers, Evan Riley, F. Killian, F.B.P., Fabio Maria Piacentini, Fabio Renzetti, Fabio Rossi, Fabio Villa, Fabrizio Infusino, Fabrizio Leoni, Fabrizio Ronchi, Fallon Stoeckel, Family. Hopkins, Federico 
(Dimofamo) Totti, Federico Fabbri, Federico Maiorini, Federico Mancini, Federico Pellegrino, FedeRygo, Felix Tegeler, FelTK, Fetch, Filippo Preti, Firasia, firebringeraxel, FireflyArc, FireMainedViking, FlacoAlto, Flavio 
“Grumpybear” Mortarino, Flint Paper, Florian Hollauer, Florian M. Wolf, Florian Vogl, Forrest Gray, Fossati Matteo, Fractured Cocyx, Francesco “Magjus” Santoro, Francesco “Sisco” Panitti, Francesco Benedetti, 
Francesco Bertelli, Francesco Bruschini, Francesco Gianfreda, Francesco Morelli, Francesco Rapisarda, Francis Pedneault, Francisco “Blackhalo” Fonseca Jr., Frank “Grayhawk” Huminski, Frank C. Carr, Frank Capra, 
Frank J. Robertz, Franklin Shea, François Girard, François LANCEREAU, Freccero Daniele, Freddy Arteaga Muñoz, Freddy Luca, Frits Kuijlman, Fuhrriel, G McCulloch, G.W. Alderson, Gabe Darling, Gabe McDaniel, 
Gabriel Birke, Gabriel Bélanger, Gabriel Jordani, Gabriel Pellizzaro, Gabriele “Gavhri’el” R., Gabriele “Tarlo” Terlati, Gabriele D’Amato, Gabriele De Angelis, Galactus and Calypso Schroeder, Game King, Gareth, Gareth 
Fielden, Garrett, Garrett Hermen, Garrett Varnadore, Gary Blunt, Gary Smith, Gawain, Gaylan Lewallen, GeanWeiley31, Genevieve Cogman, Geniegirlly, George Pittman, Georgy Perepechko, Gherhartd Sildoenfein, 
ghost4, Giacomo “TrueOgre” de Simone, Giacomo Petrucci, Giampaolo Costa, Giampiero Ludovico, Gian Maria “ZioGM”, Gian Paolo Mongiello, Gianluca “Khriman “ Poccianti, Gianmaria Micheli, Gianni Negrini, 
Gigi, Giorgia Rolly Battel, Giorgio Catenacci, Giovanna Saggiomo, Giovanni “Bruco D’Artificio” Berton, Giovanni Battista Magnone, Giuliano Gianfriglia, Giulio Emilio De Lio, Giulio Gargioni, Giulio Giuliani, Giulio 
Grosso, Giuseppe F. Russotto, Giuseppe Schmid, Give Me A Chancey, Glenn Dallas, GoblinChatter, Good Giant, Gordon Milner, Graham Davey, Grant Cook, Grant Weaver, GRAYWOLF’S DEN, Greg, Greg F, Greg 
Lucas, Gregor Morgenstern, Gregory McCarthy Jr, Gregory Mollison, Gregory Wentzel, Greig Hannis, GremlinLegions, Grey Jaffe, Griffin Becker, Griffin D. Morgan, Guido “ilFanatico” Materi, Guido “Maicol” 
Campanini, Gulliver M. Rock, Guppy G, Hailey Paquette, Hajj Mohamed Badaoui, Haley Jo Patague, halo, Han-Sen Hsieh, Hanataka Shinya, Hannah Smith (Law971), Hans W. Uhlig, Hanspeter Zach, Happybardnoises, 
Harrison Guzman, Harry Conway, Harry Thompson, He-Zin Kwon & Steve Schuder, Heather Miller Poirier, Heather Securo, Heine Juhl Jensen, Helevorn, Hels Yau, Henning O. Geisler, Henry Spadoni IV, Hex, Hikari 
Roulet-Little, Hiroki Shimizu, Hollie Thorne, Hollis Philipps, Holly Koponen, Holly Pelton, Homo Rattus, Hsieh, Wei-Hua, Hst, Hugh Alan Samples, Hunter Smith, Huy Le, HydeNSeek, Héctor Zubieta, iago, Ian B 
Duncan, Ian Bryant, Ian E. Muller, Ian Spaulding, Ian Stowell, Il Dungeon Faenza, il Giova della Locanda Shakespiriana per Moschettieri, Il Maestro della Chiave d’Argento, Il Rosso, Ilaria, ilGiula, immoralwizard, Ingrid 
Emilsson, Irene Lombardelli, Irene R, IRWedge, Isaiah Silverman, Isak Sundberg Hjelm, Ive, Ivellios Syannadel, J Bolton, J. B. Anthony, J. Evans Payne, J. Michael Spencer, Jack Burkhart, Jack Harvey, Jack Kuszel, Jackson 
Piccirillo, Jacob Riddle, Jacob Woods, Jacopo De Angelis, Jacopo Veronese, Jacqueline Morrow Brough, Jaguthin, Jake Crow, Jake Miller, Jakob & Hannes Buttler, Jakub Czyż - Kapitan Browar, Jalen Clark, James 
“MysticFox” Cole, James Ballantyne, James Donaldson, James Hamilton, James Juden, James Karaus, James Meredith, James Miller, James Rhoden, James Samuel, James Skyrm, James Van Horn, James Yonemura, jamie, 
Jamie Keyworth, Jamie Venn, Jan Windecker, Jana Lajdová, Jana Schierwater, Janette Fletcher, Jared Baker, Jasmine Collier, Jasmine Maddox, Jasmine S-H, Jason Bryan, Jason C Lund, jason e. bean, Jason House, Jason 
Marks, Jason Thorne, Jason Turner, Jason Yang, Javier de Prado, Jay Forster, jay linnell, JC Rudkin, Je, Jean-Christophe Cubertafon, Jean-Luc Fortin-Mckean, Jeff Zitomer, Jeffrey Harper, Jeffrey R. Mollers, Jeffrey Stearns, 
JemKat, Jennifer Perraud, Jennifer Robledo, Jennifer Stergar, Jenny Engwall, Jeppe B. Obel, Jeremey Bibey, Jeremy Lambros, Jeremy Shoemaker, Jeremy Zimmerman, Jeromy Hogg, Jeromé White, Jess Bohlman, Jess 
Caruana, Jesse Burneko, Jessi T, Jessica Bilke, Jessica Blundell, Jessica Maass, Jessica Mifsud, Jessie Christensen, Jessie Radgowski, Jibrael Nico C Marquez, Jim Banks, Jim Burchalewski, Jim Davies, Jim Mangiameli, Jim 
Ortiz, Jimbo P, Jin Ying Li, JJ Gawlinski, Jo, Joan Souliard, Joaquim Lasselin, Jochen Graf, Jodee Bucknole, Jodi Jost, Jody Kline, Joe Gates!, Joel Chambers, Joel De Jesus (aka mr_kultist), Johan MARECHALE, Johannes 
Forster, John, John Cmar, John Emmanuelle Estela García, John Eternal, John F Blair IV, John Fox, John Frye, John G, John Griffis, John Kozloski, John M. Portley, John Mink, John Mulligan, John Pingo, John Sanes, John 
W. Sweet, Johnny Cheng, Jon C, Jon Robertson, Jon Sanderson, Jon Terry, Jonah E. Lenz, Jonathan “Buddha” Davis, Jonathan Farber, Jonathan Feeney, Jonathan Gunter, Jonathan Korman, Jonathan Lewis, Jonathan 
Snavely, Joran aus den Schatten, Jordan Edwards, Jordan Graham, Jordi, Jose A Hernandez, Jose Placeres, Joseph A Todaro, Joseph Buscetta, Joseph DeOliveira, Joseph Magnall, Joseph McReynolds, Joseph Miles, Joseph 
Nath, Joseph Provenzano, Joseph W. Duis, Josephine Kelley, Josh “Ninjacat” Brining, Josh Branum, Josh Swift, Joshua Crowder, Joshua Meyer, Joshua Mills, Joshua Rosing, Josi-Lyn Dulaney, Joy, Joy Houston, JT Fischer, 



Juan E. Mendez, Julian H., Julio Noah Vega, Julius Steding, Julián Quijano, Justin Bojarski, Justin Braddy, Justin Grenier, Justin Hatten, Justin Hobrock, Justin Ling, Justin Meinert, Justin Moss, Justin Schneider, Justin 
Sieling, Justin Viegas, Justina Petry, Jędrzej Makowski, K McGee, K. Dietz, K.L. Mackey, KadsusaJP, Kaeryn Davies, Kai Shapard, Kai Wiechmann, Kallin Leenhouts, Kamish Bhai, Karen Fitzgerald, Karen Helmling, Kari 
Finkenstaedt, Karina Reitz, Karl Kreu, kasinoki, KASOKRIS06, Kat Bailey, Kat Benn, Kat Seamons, Katerty, Katherine Dorland, Kati Cosden, Katie “Katz” DeSantis, Katrina Ruff, Kawaii My Dude, Kaycee, Kayla 
Culbertson, Kazuma (snake with a thousand names), Keenan Ward, Kelly Rutherford, Kelsea Gould, Kelsy Fleming, Ken, Ken Armor, Kenan Holmberg, Kenneth Munawar, Kerby Lambert, Kerry Jordan, Kevin DeBaun, 
Kevin M. Peters, Kevin White, Khaydari, Kian S. Bergstrom, Kiba, Kiera M Govan, Kimberly Bea, Kimberly Concepcion-Higgins, Kimberly Godwin, Kimberly Pavone, Kit Farmer, Kits Shinal, Kitty Harkenreader, KK 
Cheung, Klil H. Neori, KM Murray, Kolbey Araujo, Koni, Konnor Dickinson, Konrad “Harry” Mrozik, Kootranova1, Kori Lopreore, Kotaro, KowaiKitty, Krehi Weiss, Kris Kulin, Kris Nealon Mattie, Kris Spiesz, Kristen 
Hughes, Kristen’s Epic Adventures, Kristian E. Hyttel, Kristian Zirnsak, Kristiné, Kristoffer Warnberg, Kryn McClain, Krys Burton, Krystina Stigman, Kuba Polkowski, Kuenga Lhaden, KuKuruYo, Kwaku Ananse, Kwang-
min Kim, Kya, Kyle Baker, Kyle Field, Kyle Harris, Kyle Katchmar, Kyle Kowalchuk, Kyle M Strickland, Kyle Pickens, Kyle Tam, Kyle Wist, L, L.E. Vellene, Lachlan, Lady Amalthea and her Unicorn, Lady Rachell Spencer, 
LadyEmelie, Lara Nemainn, Larry White, LarsG, Laura B., Laura Blue, Laura Cardinale, Laura Cazzari, Laura Jenkins, lauren bedford, Laurenn McCubbin, Lee Alley, Lee Yoder, Leigha Luttrell, Lekkere Lemmens, Lem, 
Lena F., Lenny & Stephen Wooley-Broder, Leonard Branam, Leonardo Lucci, Leonardo Nencioni, Leonie Kölsch, Leroy Noriega, Leslee Everett, Leslie Johnston, Leto matte, Lex van der Raadt, Liam Cottrell, Liam Ray, 
Lilias Whitelock, Lilly Ibelo, Lily Lin, Lil’ Buddy - Kai, Lin Feimo, Lindsay C. Garcia, Lisa Hummel, Lisa Padol, Liyah, Liz McAnder, Liz Siewerth, Lizzard Henetz, Lizzi Englicht-Schätzle, LJ Greenwood, LMB, Logan 
Halford, Logan Mattson, Lorenzo Camusso, LRM, Luc Rowe, Luca “BiZ” Bissaro, Luca “DocGono” D’Aguanno, Luca “Leyart” Galli, Luca Bonazzoli, Luca Bonora, Luca Cornaggia, Luca Dalla Pozza, Luca Fioravanti, Luca 
Forti, Luca Papagna, Luca Pellicanò, Luca Rodiani, LucaCenta, Lucas J. Cifranic, Lucia Pastro, Lucio Hinojosa III, Lucy Edwards, Luis Fernández González, Luis K. Penn, Luis Magallanes, Lukas Feinweber, Lukas 
Kreienkamp, Luke & Marty Babbi, Luke Edgemon, Luke Embley, Lydia Berry, Lydia Henson, Lydia Palmese, Lyle Rosen, Lyndsay E. Gilbert, M Dawkins, M. Nguyen, M.T. Perham, Maarten Cornil, Maarten Louwerse, 
Machillot Jack, Mack Swegman, Madison Tinsley, Madrlancholy, magamo, Magdalena “Alve” Trella, MangoKid23, Mantua Simone, ManyFacedHero, Maranda Hernandez, Marc Eyraud, Marc Kratzer, MarcAurel1975, 
Marcelino C. Collado IV, Marcello Minardi, Marcin Jacek Andrzejczak, Marco “Daimon” Russo, Marco “MochTor” Tieghi, Marco “MvMavco” Perrella, Marco A Cano, Marco Benti, Marco Biancalani, Marco Colasuga, 
Marco Conti, Marco e Jada, Marco Giunti, Marco Oreste Migliori, Marco Pagnini, Marco Puglielli, Marco Tringale, Marco Zelli, MarcoZ, Marcus Ervin III, Mare Matt, Marek Benes, Margherita Cattaneo, Mari Bigler, 
Mariano Cavallo, Marie Eagan, Marie Smith, Marija Edita Feldi, Marina de Santiago, Marina Turner, Mario Valerio Terribile, Mark Diaz Truman, Mark Fenlon, Mark Lewis, Mark Watson, Markus Plötz, Marlies Moore, 
Marlowe House, Marsh J. Lynx, Marshall (Cookie) Davis, Martin Ha., Martin Hveisel Kaas, Martin J. Hoag, Martin J. Manco, Martin Terrier, Martina Casatori, Martina Hellström, Martina Morgana Moscoloni, Martis, 
Masha Escalera, Masochis4a, Massimiliardo, Massimo Raffaele Timoteo Maci, Mateusz Godala, Matheson “Volch” Edwards, Mathew Miehling, Matt, Matt Aronoff, Matt Brooks, Matt F., Matt Hunt, Matt Larabee, Matt 
Law, Matt Mollison, Matt Oliver, Matt Santa Ana, Matt Wrycraft, Matteo “Bisco” Canali, Matteo “Biso” Bisanti, Matteo “Boris” Botti, Matteo “MaC” Carioni, Matteo “UnoJedi” Emili, Matteo Ariti, Matteo Corvo Nero, 
Matteo Joliveau, Matteo Lucchini, Matteo Mirko Guzzon, Matteo Nannucci, Matteo Niccolai, Matteo Tirelli, Matteo&Irma, Mattheus Sookoo, Matthew Andrews, Matthew Chaloupka-Wagner, Matthew Hore, Matthew 
Keadle, Matthew Muth, Matthew Peter Sharp, Matthew Ross, Matthew Swetnam, MatthewFrench, Mattia Carli, Mattia DM_San Ulivi, Mattia Natale, Maurizio Locusti, Maurizio Maltoni, Maurizio Mancino, maurobis, 
Maven Clementine Morchella, Max Parker, Max Richter, Maxim L., Maxime Robinet, Maxwell Stevenson, MDL, Megan Fujishige, Megan Lehr (QuirkyMegan), Megan Lovett, Melanie Grenier-Brusse, Melissa DeVries, 
Melvin “Cisco TwoCannons” Davis, Memi, Merijn Smit, Mia Grimm, Mia Lunkka, Michael “Dinomike” Perkins, Michael Birosak, Michael Brazier, Michael Drueen, Michael Forbes, Michael Horton, Michael J, Michael 
Johnson, Michael Kruse, Michael Leguillow III, Michael Pietrelli, Michael R. B. Wright, Michael R. Smith, Michael Schwartz, Michael Sheppard and his ghosts, Michael Vondran, Michael Weber, Michał Brzostowski, 
Michał Penarski, Michele “Ekidna” Facco, Michele Canali, Michele De Donno, Michele Holst, Michele Paroli, Michele Scarpenti, Michelle Haward, Michelle M. Pessoa, Mikael Lundgren, Mikal Aensland, Mike Frazier, 
Mike Healey, Mike Meyer, Mike Riley, Mike Saulnier, Mike Sorna, Mike Westley, Mildra The Monk, Minkenstein, Miranda L, Mirko “Toremack” Savoia, Mirko Paradisi, mirko pomella, Mitsu, Moe Lane, Monika Morales, 
MonoKuma, MOQred, Moreno Airoldi, Morgan Barcoe, Morgan Null, Morgan Weeks, Morgan Yigdal, Morgen, MorgenGabe, Morrigan Mahady, Moss Beryl, Motoi Kito, Mr. Nowhere, MTB, Mustafa Dedic, MVBones39, 
Myles B, Mélodie Ouellet, N. Tanksley, N. Vivian, Natalie O’Callahan, Natasha A.J Liff, Natasha Garncarek, Nate Webber, Nathan Bolt, Nathan Maille, Nathan Merritt, Nathan Stocking, Nathaniel Carpenter, Nathaniel 
H, Natia Breedlove, Nazeleternel, Necromantic Lord Mwahaha, Neil Garland, NEM, Nemo, Nic Shaw, Niccolo Grando, Niccolò Di Macio, Nicholas A Tan, Nicholas Andrew Smith, Nicholas Fortugno, Nicholas Huba, 
Nicholas Robinson, Nicholas T. Clay, Nick “GB” Gray-Bakker, Nick and Carolyn McGary, Nick Bower, Nick Garcia, Nick Pitman, Nick Sauer, Nick-Nack, Nico_Ternef, Nicola Corticelli, Nicola Ferrari, Nicola Poggiolini, 
Nicola Santagostino, Nicola Urbinati, Nicola Went, Nicole Borden, Nicole Hoekstra, Nicole Rossell, Nicolo’ Vincenti, Nicolò Marchesi, Nin4Mal / FearedW4ffle, Nistox, Niv “Eryndir” Levy, Nnekart, Noah Johnson, Noah 
Watkins, Nocturnal Pulse, Nomes, None, Nonnogeppo, nova-explorer, Nyhur, Nykki, O.E.Knight, Ola Durlej, Oleg Slovesnyi, Oliver Hoffmann, Oliver Shead, Oliver Ueck, Olivier “Maître Hibou” Robineau, Olna Jenn 
Smi, Ols Jonas Petter Olsson, opalsieve, OranguJusu, Orazio Conforti, Oscar Ortiz, Our hero Andy, Overlord Mush, Ovrbt the Undaunted, Pablo Ahumada The Coffee Maker, Paige Lisko, Pan Narrans, Panu “Possessed” 
Laukkanen, Paolo Matassa, Paolo Spaziosi, ParaDox, Paride POLO NERD, Parker Harris, Patrice Mermoud, Patrick A Cooper, Patrick Higgins, Patrick Knowles, Patrick McGiftugh, Patrick P., Patrick Pryds, Patrick 
Wilhelmi, Patrick Willoughby, Patryk Adamski “Ruemere”, Pau Gonzalez, Paul Dinelle, Paul Edward Cooper, Paul McBride, Paul Sem, Paul William Schumacher - Author of Little Red Wolf, Paulo Roberto Servini, 
Pearski, Pedro Filipe Vasconcelos, Peiblit, Penelope Hill, Penelope Van Batavia, Penni Walker, Penny for a Tale, Pepê Alram, Pete Petrusha, Pete Tracy, Peter Chiykowski, Peter Halls, Peter Holland, Petr “Karadum” Svarny, 
Petter Nallo, Petwag, Phantasmal, Philip Reed, Philip W Rogers Jr, Philipp, Philipp Teich, Philippe Valois, Phill Cameron, Pier Giorgio Vallese, Piero Ciccioli, Pietro Bergamaschi, Pimcron, Pink Pepper, Pinkopulcino 
Giampy, Piotr Chojnacki, Piotr Przybysławski, Ponymakers’ Guild RPG Club Hungary, Poyayo, Princess Esme, Princess Romana, Puckett, Pure Osmium, QUARANTA Flavien, Quentin Long, Quinn Tan, Quints, R 
Taylor, R.H. Zimmerman, Rachel Claire Rive, Rachel Fields, Rachel Fizeseri, Rachel Greene, Rachel Hass, Rachel Saunders, Rachel Scales, Radosław Bożek, Rae Caito, Rae Redmond, Raetjor, Rainmaker, Raismith, 
Randall Quiggle, Recca, Redpaintedblack, Redy, Reflectere, Reilly Qyote, Relynn Johnson, Remy Santiago, Ren, René Schultze, Reza Jackson, Rhellan Hawke, Rhyer, Rhys Espich, Ricardo Pereira Ramalho, Ricardo 
Sanfins, Riccardo “Musta” Caverni, Riccardo Pasquini, Riccardo Siligato, Riccardo Vacirca, Richard “Vidiian” Greene, RICHARD BARNHOUSE III, Richard C Plemons, Richard Lee Allen, Richard weatherfield, Rick 
LaRue, Ridan Crowe, Riley, Riley Fawcett, Rins Gray, Rion Urven, Riot Fae Dice, Rita Lamagna, Rivermoon, Riverock, Rj Lauderdale, RJ McNerney, Rob Lowry, Rob Medley, Rob Necronomicon, Robert “Jefepato” Dall, 
Robert C. Elliott, Robert E.O. Speedwagon, Robert Farmer, Robert Klassen, Robert Perez, Robert Pritchard, Robert Shofkom hackandslashgames.com, Robert Watson, Robert-james Holden-Millar, Roberta 687, Roberto 
Avallone, Roberto Cristini, Roberto Mandrioli, Robin “Shelly” Enström, Robin Langholm, Robin Longhurst, RobL, Robyn DeRocchis, RobynD, Rod Meek, Roland Coy, Ron Rhyno, Ronan Noctis Nyx, Rory Wood, 
Rossella Di Pietro, Rowan Irelia, Rowan North, Rubin Harvey, Rusek vianney, Ry Keenan, Ryan McDonnell, Ryan Poss, Ryan Russell, Ryan Sprenkle, Ryan Winter Cahill, Ryder Daniels, Ryklan Rolfsson, Rynn Idhril, S, 
S. Philips, Sabina Walter, Sabrina Klevenow, Salem Wicke, Sally Forster, salmon_please, Sam Hing, Sam Runol, Samantha Poremba, Samir Ezzaaf, Samuel Steingart, Sandro “nlN” Cipiccia, Sara Cyderial, Sarah Babe, Sarah 
Benson, Sarah Boileau-Zaragoza, Sarah Frisk, Sarah Kurasz, Sarah Tyler, Sarineley, Savannah Scarborough, Saverio Cavicchini, Sc.An., Scott Barnes, Scott Beattie, Scott Burt, Sean Gallagher, Sean Holland, Sean Leffler, 
Sean Lyons, Sean Martin, Seb.Levron Maillard, Sebastian Cuellar, Sebastian Knöbel, Sebastian Schreier-Arba, Sempai Cracker, Seo-1, Ser John, Sergio Trenna, Serventa, Sethiel Leonardo L.P., Seung geun oh, Shane Martin 
DeNota-Hoffman, Shane Zeagman, Shanna Broussard, Shanna Germain, Shannanigans Steward, Shannon Dooner, Sharon Elkind, Shaun Clinton, Shaun Vellucci, Shea Meney, Shelby Abercrombie, Shelley G, 
SilenteGangster, Silvia Turrin, Silvio Pamela, Silviotto Pomino, Simon Brake, Simone Canale, Simone Cimarelli, Simone Ishvard Leonetti, Simone Maccapani, Simone Meconi, Simone Rossi, Sinan E., Sinistra, Sink, Sir 
David Stout of Alameda, Sir Etrom, SirAston, siratama, SJN, Sk3tchi Situations, SkawerCZ, Skyler Crossman, Slipperboy, Smunchy, Soap Pejovic, Soda Pop Soldier, Sonny FIgueroa, Sophie, sorazono, Spencer Kelty, 
Spencer Longtin, Spencer Prancik, Splendid Duchess, Spoons, Squalamoucho!, Squeaky Francis, ST. Anthony R. Simons, Staci Oelze, Starkast, Ste Leema, Stef Schwartz, Stefan Kreimeier, Stefania Ricco, Stefano, Stefano 
“Aerel” Veronesi, Stefano Borri, Stefano Oppo, Stefano Stradaioli, Step Christopher, Stephan Bugaj, Stephanie Ann Bailey, Stephanie Cory, Stephanie Heinz, Stephen D. O’Quinn, Stephen J. Schatzman, Stephen Newman, 
Stephen O’Brien, Stephen Pilch, Stephen Rosania, Stephen Schnoebelen, Steve Wiklund, Steven Barrett, Steven Behringer, Steven Bocchetto, Steven Collins, Steven J. Zeve, Steven M. Smith, StEvil, Stragliotto Domenico, 
Stratagemma, Stéphane Delleuze, Suemia Biafore, Sugomori, Suguru OIkawa, Susan Haarman, SusanU, Sydney LaBorgia, Sylvia Short, T Loquvam, T&J McCord, Tabi Walters, Tabitha Goicher, Tad Kelson, Takk, Tammy 
Tran, Tanya Cooley, Tao - Kraken aps, Tara S., Tarna Allen, Tasena, Tats Rabelink, Taylor Sosa, Teal, Tebra Hansing, Technodromo, Teocadista, Terrance Marpoe, Terry McKelvey, Thalie Ré, Thalsturz, Thasaidon, Thasic, 
THE Donnie, The Grim Reaper, The Mad Catter, The Mesa Family, Thea Flurry, TheBearIsDriving, Theodore Martinez, TheThingFromOuterSpace, TheTokenDiceGuy, thomas delrue, Thomas Di Bennardo, Thomas 
Freed, Thomas R. Gould III, Thomas Rye, Tiberio “Master Ronin” Azzarà, TIE, Tiffany Espinosa, Tiffany Hamlin, Tiger Richardson, Tim D. Griffin, Tim Doyle, Tim Hall, Tim Kuehlhorn, Tim Smith, Tim Tang, Tina 
Alexandersen Solvang, TiTi Navalta, To my son Lasse Wauters, Tobias Belek, Todd (Konton) Hangos, Todd Daugherty, Todd Zircher, Tola Séamestré, Tom Burdak, Tom Kraft, Tomasz Chmielik, Tommaso Oddone, 
Tommy Smekens, Tommy Toresjö, Tony Fucina, Toyka, Trallalaura, Trash Heap Games, Travis “Novoreaper” Boillat, Travis Carrier, Travis Foster, Travis Hartland, Trent Michels, Trever “Kid Vorpal” Harwell, Trevor J.J. 
Sherman, Trip Space-Parasite, Triston Thorpe, Troy Ellis, Trust-No-One Games, Tseng, Hua-Jui, Tubby McButters, Tucker Williamson, Turtle, Twila Cotter, Ty Logan Rollins, tyler & melissa, Tyler Braden, Tyler Jones, 
Tyler Reid, Tyler Scholz, Tyler Spaulding, V. Franklin, Valentina Paggiarin, Valerie Lever, Valerio Lucido, Valerio Votadoro, Valian, Vassiliy Clottes, Vaughn McDonald, Vegar Fristad, Veronica Vandersteenen, Vespero, 
Vicky Efram, Victor G. Balcazar Moctezuma, Victor J Kinzer, Victoria Baker, Victoria Johnsen, Ville Kugelberg, Vincent Goodlove, VnNxNeAhng, Vorgartezwerg, Víctor Romero, w. David Lewis, Wayne Bridge, Wayne 
Marshall, Welgian Baffle, Weronika Solarek, Wes Cumbee, Wes Woods, whateley0825, WhimsyWanda, Wicked Thing, Will Godar, Will Phillips, Willem B., William Bonacina, William G Schiemenz, William J. Scott III, 
William Joseph Bechard, William Z. Cohen  MSGT/USMC, ret., WM. Downs, wookwok, Wren, www.despertalia.com, Wynter Storm, Xavier R., Xious Divinshield, Yann RICCI, Yasmin Estrella, Yezi Goomer, YLF, 
Yoshiki KUCHIKURA, Yue, Yuu Gamon, Zach Theis, Zach Yokell, Zachary Alvarado, Zachary Knippel, Zachary Longoria, Zachary Stamper, Zack Holmes, Zack Long, Zak and Beth, Zalyn Harper, Zandermoore, Zane 
Graves, Zasabi, Zeb Berryman, Zev Rothenberg, ZHULUL-N. AZMAN, Zoltam, ZombieGarou, Zsolt Kertay.