Stenatio Gifts

These Gifts represent special abilities related to the
Red-Hood Iskra Scenario and can be acquired once the
conditions are met. A Hunter can only acquire one Scenario
Gift. If they buy a new one during an Interlude, they will
have to forgo the previous On£.

Voice of the Spivits

Requivement: You have come into contact with the Gift
Spirit.

By calming your mind and concentrating, you can open
your mind to the spiritual world and communicate with
restless souls. Spend 1 Soma to contact a creature with the
Spirit Gift you've previously encountered. You do not suffer
the Wound caused by the stress of spiritual connection.

Wolj-killet

Requitement: Having faced the wolves in a fight at least

once.

You know how to deal with the fiercest of wolves and are
careful not to be surrounded. When you obtain at least a
Standard Outcome on a Position or Defense Check against
a pack of beasts, you can immediately eliminate 1 Minor
animal NPC with 1 Wound.

Where ave you going all alone,
sweetie? [Special Gift joe Garou the
Old Wolf]

Requivement: To meet Iskra alone in the forest.

You are attracted to the little girl who pretends to be a wolf

and you dream of devouring her. Once per Scene, you can
spend 1 Soma to know exactly where she is. Ifyou anticipate
her and arrive somewhere before her, you get 1 Additional
Success on every Check you make to hurt or devour that
little morsel. You cant wait to swallow that tidbit and it
makes you let your guard down. As long as she is present
in the Scene, you receive 1 Penalty in all Defense Checks,

The Scenario Red-fj000
Tskva in Scenes

FIRST SCENE - Dinner with
Gerard Dubois

Its the same one you find on page 120.

End of SCENP: Gerard asks the Hunters to look for traces
of the Wolves by sending them to the Old Cemetery,
where the first massacre took place. Continue to SECOND
SCENE - The old cemetery.

SECOND SCENE - The old
cemetery
Read aloud to the funtets: The old cemetery of Durfort

lies just over ten minutes walk from the town. With the
constant threat of wolves, itis now totally abandoned. Beyond
the old rusty gate, you can see many weathered gravestones,
a small church, and an old well whose wooden planks have
recently been dismantled.

Place: The old cemetery of Durfort in the middle of the
large Gévaudan forest. It is reached by a narrow, dirt path

97
