attack on Durfort, decimating Vincents men. The Hunters
may arrive in the middle of the battle or when the fight
is almost over. Continue to FOURTH SCENE - Surprise
Attack.

FOURTH SCENE - Surprise
Attack

Read aloud to the funtet5: The cries of the townspeople
mingle with the howls of the wolves, while large feral figures
dart through the alleyways in the moonlight. Using a secret
passageway, the pack launched a furious attack on the
Dubois mansion.

Place: The village of Durfort, doors barred and terrified
villagers fleeing through the streets.

Timé: Itis night, but a full moon high in the sky illuminates
the village with a gloomy white light.

Information: Theres no mercy in the wolves' fury and
many villagers will be devoured alive if the Hunters dont
save them. At the head of his men, Vincent tries to repel
Greskar and his wolves, but he will not fight to the death.
Iskra, meanwhile, has snuck into the palace in search of her
mother.

End of St£nC: However the battle goes, the Hunters arrive
at the palace to find a terrified Gerard flecing the scene.
The nobleman tells them that a small, furious creature
has broken into the palace and is now hunting down his

beloved bride. Its time for a
showdown. Go to Fl
SCENE - Which Side Are Yoy On? IN

FIFTH SCENE - Which Side
Are You On?

Read aloud to the hunters: The Dubois palace is a
veritable slaughterhouse. It seems that a whole pack of wolves
has run rampant, destroying as they went. When you hear
Elizaveta's cry, you rush into the great hall where you had
dinner when you first arrived. In front of you, a terrified
Elizaveta is confronting a little girl covered in mud and
blood. The little girl bares her teeth like a wolf; but she has the
crystal blue eyes of her mother.

Place: The ceremonial hall of the Dubois family's grand
palace.

Time: Time for a showdown.

End of Scene: Elizaveta will ask the Hunters for help.

Iskra, on the other hand, after a moment of surprise at the

newcomers, is ready to die in order to have her revenge. 1£
he is still alive, Greskar's howling will hint that the big wolf
will arrive any moment. If someone has made a connection
with her, Anastazia will intervene with a vision to help the
Hunters realize who in the room is truly the monster.
