Read aloud to the funtet5: Our story opens as you are
being interviewed by a nervous Gerard Dubois, who, anxious
O get rid of the monsters infesting his lands, has organized a
dinner for his long-anticipated guests. A room has been booked
for you at the towns finest inn, but even though its been a long
days journey, the urgency of the matter at hand demands that
no time be wasted. Next to the fireplace, a beautiful woman
is pouring wine from a goblet and smiling at you. She is Lady
Elizaveta, Gerard' wife.

Place: The ceremonial hall of the Dubois familys grand
palace. A richly furnished room with an enormous painting of
Patrick Dubois, Gerard's late father. Stern and sullen-looking,
Patrick seems to judge his son's incompetence from beyond
the grave with ill-concealed contempt.

Time: The sun set more than two hours ago and after a long
journey, it is now dinnertime.

Tnitial situation: Gerard is anxious for the Hunters to get to
work. Elizaveta studies the situation in silence, trying to figure
out how she can turn the Hunters arrival to her advantage,
using them as tools for her own purposes. Choose one of the
villagers to be her dinner guest, or create one of your own.
Vincent, her trusted head of the guards, will also be present,
of course.

120

Tnfoemation: The following information/clues can be

obtained from the interview with Gerard.

+ The monsters that scourge the Gévaudan are ferocious
beasts, as can be seen from the state of the victims bodies.

+ The first two victims were Guy and Ivette, two young
lovers who used to meet secretly in the old cemetery
just outside the city. It is there that what remains of their
bodies are buried.

+ Itis strictly forbidden to leave the city after sunset. The fall

of night now brings with it the mournful song of howling
wolves.

The Dubois Palace

Descriptor: A great palace with more than a hundred rooms,
rich and opulent.

When the Hunters visit the palace, roll 1 die to determine a
special feature.

1-2: The palace cellars are filled with excellent wine and fine
game meat.

3-4: A secret passageway connects the large dining room to
the inner courtyard.

5-6: Every room in the palace is filled with flattering paintings
of Patrick Dubois, Gerard's father.
