he Wolves' Coie

Descriptor: A large, natural cave full of tunnels and
small chambers, less than three hours from Durfort.
During the day the den is full of resting wolves, but at
night itis almost always empty.

Gift - Defense Cait: Moving into the lair without
masking your scent will cause the beasts to quickly
become alert. At the start of each Scene spent in this
place, you must pass a Medium OL Defense roll. If you
fail, 1d6 (2d6 if it is daytime) black wolves arrive.

As the Hunters explore the lair, roll a die at each Scene
to see what they will encounter, or present the rooms in

1-2: Iskras personal den. It is clear that this space is
occupied by a little girl. Drawings on the walls depict
a mother and daughter holding hands. They are drawn
in blood.

5 NN prisoner that is too badly injured to move.

Depending on what has happened thus far, he may be
one of the inhabitants of Durfort (see the Village table)
or one of the encounters at the Old Cemetery that hasn't
already been triggered.

UN large cave full of bones and human corpses.

6:A long underground tunnel leading from the Den to
the old well in Duforts main square.

OL Hard 7 - Main NPC (3 Wounds)

1 am a restless spirit, bound to the memory of
my granddaughter. My condition as a spirit does not allow

me to communicate with the living except through dreams,
whispers, and visions.

Preventing further harm to Iskra and find a way to
save my granddaughters soul.

Anastazia is a spirit and can only be damaged
by magic. She may appear in a dream to a target, who may
resist with a Defense Check or accept contact voluntarily.
The target suffers 1 Wound from stress but will receive from
Anastazia a vision of a present or past event with a barely
whispered phrase.

Anastazia always follows
Iskra and protects her from danger. Thanks to her strong
will, she can interact with the material world by moving
objects and manipulating the environment, even inflicting
a Wound on a target. If a subject is likely to help save her

; granddaughter, Anastazia will simply fill their mind with

memories of her,

