that winds its way through the woods from the main road.

Time: ts early morning, the sun is high on a clear winter
sky

Information: In the cemetery, there are many wolf
tracks. In the middle of them are the prints of two small
bare feet, almost certainly a little girl. At the bottom of
the old well can be found the pendant that Elizaveta tried
to make disappear. The wolves” tracks lead deep into the
forest, to their den. Anastazia will contact the Hunter who
recovered the pendant, sending them a vision of Elizaveta
trying in vain to wash her bloodstained hands.

End OÍ Scene: Hunters can decide whether to return
to the town to report (THIRD SCENE OPTION A -
Reporting) or follow the trail to the wolves' den (THIRD
SCENE OPTION B - On the Wolves Trail).

ro SCENE OPTION A -
eporting

Read aloud to the funtets: Now that you see Durfort in
broad daylight you realize how large the village is and how it
is slowly expanding, so much so that it could almost be called
a city. Trade flourished in Dufort under the old barons rule,
but now all that is threatened by the savage beasts lurking in
the nearby forest.

Place: Along the streets of the village, men and women go
about their daily business. Their somber glances betray the
fear that runs through the population.

Time: 1; is late morning, just over an hour until noon, and
the whole village will stop to have a frugal lunch.

Information: Along the streets of the village, two of the

inhabitants (see Durfort Village table) will approach the
Hunters to interact. At the palace, Vincent will greet the
characters by asking them how it went at the cemetery,
gathering information for a report to Elizaveta. Gerard,
once he hears the Hunters' report, will hesitantly ask about
their next move. Elizaveta will try to learn what the Hunters
have discovered, showing excessive interest if the pendant
is shown.

End of Scene: Hunters can either look for the wolves
lair (THIRD SCENE OPTION B - On the Wolves” Trail)
or ambush Iskra while remaining in the city (FOURTH
SCENE - Surprise Attack).

THIRD SCENE OPTION B 5
On the Wolves” Trail

Read aloud to the funtets: Following the tracks
in the forest is not easy and several times you risk getting
lost. Eventually, the tracks lead to a large natural cave that
disappears into the darkness underground.

Place: The lair of the Black Wolves. Traces of the pack are
clearly visible outside.

Time: Crossing the forest takes more than half a day.

Tnfoemation: Depending on whether it is day or night,
consult The Wolves' Lair to see who the Hunters will meet.
In the lair, it will be possible to discover traces of Iskra and
information about her. If freed, the village prisoner will tell
the Hunters, in great detail, of a little girl, masked and in
a threadbare red cloak, that is the leader of the wolf pack.

End of Scene: while the Hunters are in the lair, Iskra,
Greskar, and the remaining wolves of the pack launch an

