lizaveta of Volhynia has always been an attractive
woman, accustomed to the rich salons of the gentry, and
the pomp of nobles and courtiers. Becoming pregnant with
Iskra, her eldest daughter, was a curse for her.
Abandoned by her wealthy lover, Elizaveta was
impoverished for years, with few skills, little work, and only
the help of her old mother Anastazia. A chance encounter
with Gerard, who is ignorant of her past, rekindled
Elizaveta's ambition for a life of comfort and decadence as
the future wife ofa nobleman. Elizaveta, determined not to
miss such an opportunity, sent her daughter Iskra alone to
visit her grandmother. Elizaveta knew that she was exposing
her to the dangers of the dense forest of Biatowieza, a place
full of beasts and bandits, and deadly to the unwary. Ten-
year-old Iskra trusted her mother and disappeared forever
into the darkness ofthe forest. Anastazia had always treated
Iskra with love and kindness and, overwhelmed by the
grief of her granddaughters sad end, died soon after. Free
and unattached, Elizaveta fled to Gévaudan with her new
husband, unaware of her daughters real fate. In fact, Iskra
did not die, but joined Greskar's wolf pack, becoming a wolf
herself...

s Prevailed, defeating Greskar. A huge, ferocious were

e The stoeyatthe arrival ojthe

funtevs. ..

Iskra didnt die in the forest of Bialowieza. Instead, she

faced every trial with fierce tenacity and eventually

wolf,
Greskar infected Iskra with the wol£'s curse. Becoming a

member of the pack and the favorite of the alpha Greskar,
Iskra set off for the Gévaudan, following the scent of her
mother, determined to get her revenge. Thanks to the fury
of the wolf pack, Iskra has thrown the village of Durfort
into disarray. Now, she waits in the shadows for the right
opportunity to enter the palace and devour her unworthy
mother.

Elizaveta has realized what is happening, for Iskra left
a pendant she had once made for her on the windowsill,
a memento of a rare moment of happiness. Elizaveta, a
cunning manipulator, got rid of the token and did not panic
or lose her temper. After convincing Gerard to turn to the
Order, she will seek to move the pieces on the chessboard,
using them to rid herself of her unwanted offspring once
and for all...

